0|0|5|The Canon Rebel T3i takes the consumer level dSLR a couple steps closer to the mid-level Canon 60D with the addition of the rotating rear LCD screen, remote flash firing, and in-camera processing features.  The already highly competent, older Rebel T2i already shared many important features with the 60D (and even features of the semi-pro 7D) including the 18 MP sensor, 63-zone exposure metering system, high ISO performance, HD movie capabilities, and Digic 4 image processor.  With these new upgrades, it might make it even more difficult to choose between them.  But there are some important differences.
If you are considering the Rebel T3i vs T2i, the Rebel T3i is replacing the T2i.  Since both cameras share the same 18 megapixel sensor and Digic 4 processor, both the T2i and T3i will create images with exactly the same image quality, produce the same low light/ high ISO performance, shoot at 3.7 frames per second, and have nearly the same size and build quality.  They are both offered with the same 18-55mm kit lens (with some minor cosmetic differences on the new T3i kit lens).  The T3i is very slightly larger and heavier due to the addition of the rotating rear LCD monitor.  And that is one of the biggest differences between the two cameras.  Do you want and need a vari-angle rear screen or not?  The other major difference is the ability of the T3i to remotely control multiple off-camera flashes.  Like the 60D and 7D, you can use the built-in flash of the T3i to trigger other Canon Speedlites.  Some other minor additions to the T3i include the Scene Intelligent Auto Mode, which is a feature borrowed from point and shoot cameras.  When in Auto mode, the T3i will make a determination of what type of scene you are shooting - close-up, portrait, landscape, etc. - and automatically configure the camera settings accordingly.  However, if you want to use a powerful and costly digital SLR as a point and shoot, you should probably save the money and just buy a nice, high quality point and shoot like the Canon S95.  Other additional but not essential upgrades include the in-camera processing Creative Filters, and the ability to choose different image size ratios and to rate your images.  (Helpful hint: press the Q Button while in image playback and you can access features like rating, rotating, and Creative Filters.)  There is also a marginally helpful Feature Guide which gives brief descriptions of various settings and some additional video features like Video Snapshot, which you can use to shoot short video clips that are automatically joined together into a video, with music.
Canon Rebel T3i  vs. 60D vs. 7D
Sensor and Image Quality:  All three cameras share a very similar sensor and 18 megapixels, and so their image quality will be virtually the same.  All are capable of taking professional quality images.
Exposure Metering: The three cameras all share the latest 63-zone, dual-layer exposure metering system and 4 metering modes. That means they will all determine the exposure virtually identically and enable you to take properly exposed photos in most every situation, including difficult back-lit scenes. The size of the areas metered for Partial and Spot metering vary slightly between the cameras, but that isn't anything critical.
Autofocus: The T3i shares a similar autofocus system to the 60D, with 9 focus points and three auto focusing modes. However the 9 AF points of the 60D are more sensitive than those of the T3i: all are cross-type in the 60D, only the center is cross-type in the T3i. The 60D autofocus system is much less complex than the sophisticated AF system of the 7D with its 19 AF point system and its additional Zone, Spot, and Expansion focus modes.  These various modes address how you want to deal with and group the numerous AF points.  Plus the custom settings of the 7D allow one to customize how the AF system works - how it tracks subjects, how it deals with objects that come between you and your initial subject, how quickly it responds to these changes of possible subjects that are at different distances from you, etc.  However, if you are not an avid sports photographer, a wildlife shooter, or someone who understands, needs, and will use the elaborate features of the 7D AF system, then this shouldn't sway you.
Construction: As you can probably figure out from the prices, each camera is not built the same. The T3i has relatively strong construction of a stainless steel frame with polycarbonate body.  The 60D has a stronger and lighter aluminum frame and polycarbonate body, but not as strong as the 7D's magnesium alloy construction. The 60D also has some amount of weather sealing - more than the T3i, less than the 7D. But for most users, including even those using the camera daily or in travel situations, the construction of any of these cameras is far more than good enough, strong enough, and durable enough.
ISO: Since they all share a very similar sensor, the ISO sensitivity and performance at high ISO settings is virtually the same for these three cameras. But don't take my word for it, don't be swayed by pixel peepers on forums, instead check out the camera sensor tests at dxomark to verify this.  As you can see, they all share the exact same overall score, and show very similar performance.
Controls: As with construction, the buttons and controls vary with these cameras. Unlike the T3i, the 60D and 7D have nearly every control an advanced photographer needs on the exterior of the camera and they also have the top LCD panel and rear Quick Control Dial that are not on the T3i. With all the cameras, any controls can also be easily accessed with the Q Button and Q Menu or in the other menus on the rear LCD monitor. The top buttons of the 60D set only one setting each, so this is less complicated than the multiple-setting buttons of the 7D. Canon has removed the white balance (WB) button on the 60D that the 7D has, but that isn't a big deal - use the Q Menu. Another change on the 60D is that the Multi-controller has been moved from the thumb joystick like the 7D and 50D and placed in the middle of the rear Quick-control dial. This doesn't change how it functions, and should just be a matter of getting used to the difference.  If you plan on using your camera on Auto or Program most of the time, then the controls of the T3i are more than sufficient for your needs.  If you work in Av, Tv, or M modes and need quicker and more direct access to your controls and the additional top LCD screen to view and change your current settings, then you need to consider the 60D or 7D over the T3i.
Menus and Custom Functions: These allow for greater control over customizing how the camera functions.  The T3i has less Menu and Custom Function setting options than the 60D, and the 7D has yet a few more than the 60D. These settings enable you to customize the operation, function, and controls to work how you want them to, including things like exposure increments, peripheral illuminations correction for lenses (fixes dark corners), tweaking how the autofocus system operates, setting more precise white balance settings, and customizing which button does what.  There are ebooks such as my
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004PLNMR8
Canon T3i Experience - The Still Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation With the Canon Rebel T3i / EOS 600D
and
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0045UA75O
Your World 60D - The Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation with the Canon 60D
which walk you through all of the Menu settings and Custom Function settings so that you can set up your camera to work best for how you photograph, and also begin to learn to master all the advanced features, settings, and controls of these powerful dSLR camera.
Wireless Flash: Like the 7D and 60D, the T3i incorporates wireless flash triggering. This allows you to trigger multiple off camera flashes at different output levels. The T2i does not have this feature.
Articulating LCD Screen: The big new feature that the 60D and T3i have that the 7D and T2i do not is the articulating rear LCD screen. This may prove useful for videographers, as well as for setting up compositions while the camera is on a tripod, for macro use, or for using it from unusually low or high vantage points. Some users will be able to avoid buying an expensive angle finder because of this feature. There is also an electronic level in the 7D and 60D, visible in the viewfinder, rear LCD, or top LCD.
Viewfinder: The T3i has a pentamirror viewfinder with 95% coverage of the actual resulting image.  The 60D has a large, bright pentaprism viewfinder with 96% coverage, not quite as nice as the nearly 100% view of the 7D pentaprism.
Processor: The T3i shares the same Digic 4 processor as the 60D. The 7D has dual Digic 4 processors. However, if you don't need to shoot dozens of continuous images, you probably won't notice any processing speed issues.
Continuous Shooting Speed: The T3i can shoot 3.7 frames per second.  The 7D can shoot a blazing 8 frames per second, in which the photos barely change from frame to frame.  The 60D can shoot a respectable 5.3 fps which is actually a more useful rate.  If you need the extremely high fps for sports, wildlife, or other action shooting, get the 7D.  If not, don't be swayed by this excessive feature.
Memory Card: The T3i and 60D use the SD memory card.  The 7D uses the CF card.
Battery: The T3i and T2i use the smaller LP-E8 battery with less capacity than the LP-E6 battery used by the 60D and 7D.
Size and Weight: The T3i is smaller and lighter than the 60D, which in turn is smaller and lighter than the 7D.  Go to a store and hold them to get a better feel for their size, weight, and feel.  The 60D and 7D "feel" like the more substantial cameras that they are.  A nice improvement of the T3i is that its hand grip area has been modified, and has a different feel than that of the T2i - the area where the thumb rests is contoured differently and has a nice channel for the thumb, which allows for a much more secure one-hand-grip of the camera.
AF Microadjustment: The 7D has this feature, the 60D and T3i and T2i do not.  This allows you to adjust the focus of each of your lenses in case any of them are slightly front-focusing or back-focusing.
Locking Mode Dial: This is a new feature for a Canon dSLR, only on the 60D, that keeps the Mode dial from accidentally rotating. A nice touch.
Full HD video: Of course they all offer this capability.  Note that this is not video for your kids' parties and soccer games.  It does not have continuous autofocus while shooting, as a camcorder does.  It is not designed for that kind of use, but rather for serious videographers who typically manually focus.  You can adjust autofocus while shooting by pressing the shutter button or the AF button, but it may have a less than desired looking result and unless you are using an external microphone, the autofocusing sound will be picked up.  The T3i has the digital zoom feature in video, which allows for nice smooth zooms while filming.
Flash Sync: the 60D and T3i do not have a PC sync flash socket to plug in PC sync cords for off camera flash use.  The 7D has this.  However, they all offer wireless remote flash capability with the built in flash as a commander.
Ease of operation: While beginners may find all the buttons, controls, and menus of any dSLR difficult and confusing at first, the menus and controls of the T3i and T2i are pretty basic and simple to learn for a dedicated user.  The additional controls and menus of the 7D and 60D are all quite intelligently designed, intuitive, and straightforward for the more advanced user.  Again, have a look at helpful guides such as my
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004PLNMR8
Canon T3i Experience - The Still Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation With the Canon Rebel T3i / EOS 600D
and
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0045UA75O
Your World 60D - The Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation with the Canon 60D
to begin to learn to master all the advanced features, settings, and controls of these powerful dSLR cameras.
0|1|5|I am not a camera expert, but rather, I'm a busy mom who likes to take pictures and who adores my subjects. This, then, is a review from a busy mom/amateur's point of view.
MY GOALS/EXPECTATIONS:
I have always been a photo fiend, taking my camera everywhere and pulling it out at any opportunity. While I'd gotten to a decent level of archiving important moments with my point-and-shoot cameras over the years, I wanted to take my photography to the next level. I was inspired by my brother-in-law's photos of his kids to take the dSLR plunge. But I knew (and still know), very little about professional photography. I wanted to start taking better photos right away. But I also wanted to have room to grow as a photographer and a camera that would grow with me.
I also wanted the focus to stay firmly on my family - while I was willing to invest some time and care into the camera, I didn't want it to become like a pet I had to constantly watch over. While any dSLR takes some care and consideration, I've found the T3i has been an excellent camera for me and I've been quite pleased with it.
PROS:
* VERY USER FRIENDLY: The auto mode (or auto without flash, my favorite) is highly forgiving, taking fantastically sharp images, true to color. They look so clear that I feel I'm capturing as close to real life as I've ever seen before in a camera.
* FAST: While I sometimes go in for trying out new modes and manual settings, I often leave the camera in auto or auto-sans-flash mode and just click away so that I can at least capture a moment before it's gone. I then play with manual settings if my kids stay still long enough for me to try something new. My previous cameras always had a horrible delay for the autofocus (the only mode they usually had), meaning I nearly always lost the moment when the toddler was on the move. The t3i is so ridiculously fast that I can snap multiple pics in the time one picture took before.
* BEAUTIFUL PICTURES: This kind of goes without saying at this tier of camera, but the pictures are just amazing quality. Coming from the land of point-and-shoot, I'm pretty blown away. And I know I'm only touching the tip of the iceberg for what's possible.
* BEAUTIFUL VIDEO: This is the nice new feature of the t3i. I wasn't sure I'd want or need the HD video. But hey, when you've got it, you use it. I've gotten some amazingly clear footage of the kiddo playing in the park with daddy and I'm so glad we went for the model with that feature.
* BIG, CLEAR DISPLAY: It's really easy to see what pics you've just taken and adjust your photo-taking accordingly. Just by seeing what I've gotten, I'm able to try again and improve a shot almost immediately.
* CLEAR MENUS/ABILITY TO IMPROVE: The interface on this is so intuitive that I've been able to learn a lot without even cracking open the manual (though that manual is my new reading material). The entry point for a new user is just a step up from normal photography - the possibilities, however, are nearly endless.
* NICE KIT LENS: For all that photographers get into new and better lenses, the kit lens on this is really nice and easy to use. I think it will hold us for a good long while before I get to be more of an expert. It gives me the range of zoom and focus I need for now.
* EYE-FI COMPATIBLE: WOW. I cannot even tell you how much this busy mom loves this feature. If you get an eye-fi card, your pictures can be set up to automatically upload to your computer whenever you are within range of your synched wireless network. My husband set up a SmugMug account and the eye-fi capabilities. I take pics to my heart's content while out on walks, in the park, etc., and come home, then leave the camera on (auto-shut off after 8 minutes) to upload the pics. I can then tag and sort pictures later at my leisure. For a busy mom, this is amazingly useful. I don't have to take time out to upload the pics - the camera does that for me.
* BATTERY LIFE (for common use): So far, the battery we bought for the camera lasts very well during normal photo-taking. It's just a standard Canon battery for the rebel line and it charges quickly. Even when taking pics like a mad-woman, it lasts through a shoot. HD video eats it up more quickly, so be warned. Still, I rarely run out of juice during the day so long as I pop the battery into its charger in the evening. However, uploading is another story (See below in cons).
Those are just the first few things I love about this camera. Here, however, are the...not cons, really, just challenges for a busy mom:
CHALLENGES:
* dSLRs ARE EXPENSIVE, DELICATE, BIG AND BULKY:
And busy parents' lives have enough precious and delicate things to worry about - namely, the kids. No getting around it - you can't just toss a dSLR into a pocket and go. I'm in a quest for a good bag/carrying solution (heh, yeah, wish me luck with that.) and I'm trying to get used to having one part of my brain keeping an eye on the camera as well as keeping the majority of my focus on the kids. When I'm in photo-journalist mode, it's no problem, but switching back to mom-mode is the hard part. I've already seen the camera knocked onto the ground (a very short distance onto very soft ground, so it was okay, but still, the experience practically gave me a heart attack) and once, when bending over, I caught the toddler on the temple with the kit lens (She sobbed. I felt so awful!) This thing requires constant awareness to both the camera AND the kids when using it. I'm quickly adjusting, but if you're not totally committed to learning to use and love the dSLR, you may want to stick to really good point-and-shoot camera if you're a busy parent.
^ That's really the big one.
* BATTERY LIFE (when uploading pics via eye-fi): Uploading pictures by eye-fi seems to eat the battery alive. It appears that the camera won't autoshutoff when uploading, so this morning, after a few hours of uploading big, glorious pictures to my SmugMug account, the battery finally ran out of juice. I wish there was a plug-in mode or some sort of docking-station I could plug the camera into when I return home. If it's only a few pics, they upload and the camera shuts itself off. But if it's a bunch of pics (and when the weather's nice and the lighting's good, I take a lot of pics), the camera requires a battery recharge just to finish uploading my pictures.
* SWIVEL SCREEN WORRIES: I find that the swivel screen, while hugely useful, is something I constantly worry that I'm going to snap off. However, you can keep it closed with the screen facing in(a nice feature) or tuck it onto the camera with the screen facing out. I also find if I'm looking out of the eye-piece, I leave cheek smudges all over the screen when its facing out.
* MANUAL-MODE GOOFS: Some of my manual mode forays have been less than stellar. I've taken a shot - set up so nice, focus just perfect, subject just so... only to find out I left it in white-balance adjustment for indoors and I was outdoors so the whole picture looks like I dipped it in blue. I've learned to take pics in auto-mode first before experimenting too much. I also learned to check the screen a LOT before proceeding.
SUMMARY: While the dSLR has required me to make some adjustments for including it in my busy life, I really love this camera, am pleased with the investment, am inspired by its ease of use, and I LOVE the pictures I've gotten of my family.
5 STARS: And so I give it 5 stars - my whole point in buying a nice camera was to make and preserve FAMILY memories - and the t3i records those memories beautifully - in .jpg, raw, or HD video - with a minimum of dSLR fuss.
*** UPDATE: about 6 months later ***
STILL AWESOME:  I totally stand by the above review. If anything, I've come to adore this camera even more than I did when we first got it. When baby #2 arrived, the quality of pictures that we got far surpassed the pictures from the first baby's photo shoots. I'm truly pleased with this investment, as the pictures we get are lovely, clear, true-to-light/true-to-color, and just capture the memories so well. Really, this is EXACTLY what I was hoping for as an amateur photographer/mom.
GOT BETTER:
Battery Woes: We invested in an A/C adapter for the camera and now no longer eat the battery alive when leaving the camera to upload pictures via the Eye-Fi connection. It's a little annoying to have to swap over to the A/C and then back to a battery all the time - I would rather have a charging station of sorts - but it works and it means I stick the battery in the charger so it's almost always ready to go.
Ease of Use: I adjusted to using this thing pretty quickly. I invested in a LowePro FastPack 250 and it works nicely as a diaper-bag/day bag/camera bag. Not the most attractive purse, but it works well. I'm much better at being ready for any photo situation now.
Swivel Screen: No problems to report. I just leave it screen out all the time.
SAME: Awesome camera all around. Truly, truly impressive. There might be higher tiers of quality out there, but for what I use in following the kids around, this captures amazing shots quickly. Love it.
GOT (just a little) WORSE:
Eye-Fi Annoyance: This is going to differ from person to person, but our Eye-Fi stuff has had some kinks to work out. The card we bought required several updates lately, then we had to change SmugMug account stuff, but the changed password meant Eye-Fi couldn't upload. Blah, blah, blah, I'm sure most of the problem is ME not getting the changes my hubby made. Still, Eye-Fi is usually automatic, but from time to time, it requires maintenance and understanding from all parties uploading stuff. Just be warned, it isn't so automagical as I hoped it would be.
Other than that ^ though, awesome camera. I'm truly loving it. On the whole, a Lotta camera for Low maintenance.
0|3|4|I was so surprised how light is the T3i, (in comparison to 7D /50D or 60D) with its 18.0 mega pixel the  CMOS sensor captures superb image quality with low noise and natural color
The EOS T3i, positioned between the EOS T2i and EOS 60D, features scene intelligent auto, 3-inch vari-angle clear view LCD and a selection of five creative filters including the new fish eye effect (which is awesome!!)
honestly, once you get this camera, no need for Photoshop.
I initially purchased the 7D
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002NEGTTW
Canon EOS 7D 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 3-inch LCD (Body Only)
, but then I returned it due to the more complicated usage, and the post-photo processing/ editing necessary for making pictures look better.
T3i comes with an instructional guide built in, like the
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003ZYF3LO
Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens
. The guide tells beginners (or rusty intermediates) how to set the camera to get specific types of shots. For instance, if you dial up macro mode, it says "for closeups of small objects such as flowers, shoot as close as possible."
the T3i gives me all I want, clear and hassle free pictures, ready to upload/print.
it uses normal SD cards, no need for the expensive CF flash cards.
longer battery life, and low consumption.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000V5K3FG
Canon EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS SLR Lens
comes with the camera, and it is a great lens for beginners, and gives a great opportunity to practice Manual Focus!
Do not invest in expensive lenses from the start, you might like the point and shoot, and reselling the lenses might be a great loss.
I'm not a professional photographer, nor an electronic specialist, so I reviewed the item as a myself, so if you like my review, please rate it.
Thank you
0|4|3|I bought the T2i first, then decided to upgrade to the T3i.  For a period of two weeks, I had both cameras in my possession, so I could make a direct comparison, and decided hands-down that the T2i is the one I will keep.  Why?  The T2i is FAST.  I shoot my toddler in continuous mode, and the camera delivers the 3.7 fps it's supposed to.  It makes a huge difference knowing you can press the shutter and the camera will instantly take a picture.  The T3i, however, adds frequent and unpredictable delays when "busy" flashes in the viewfinder and the red light is on -- even in continuous mode.
I used the same exact settings on both cameras (large Jpeg, P-mode, Quick AF).  Compared to the instant responsiveness of the T2i, this was plain annoying and caused me to miss numerous shots.  I used the same class 10 SDHC chip in both cameras, but -- this is interesting -- even without any memory chip in the camera, the delays are still there.
0|5|5|I purchased this camera mainly for recording video.  Its quality is amazing, and the on-board mic records great to me as well.  For anyone wondering about the new HD digital movie zoom, I created a video demonstrating its quality and the microphone quality as well!  Its on youtube.  Just search for t3i digital zoom and onboard mic test.  Check it out and let me know what you think in the comments!
On a side note, I would not recommend purchasing the Patriot LX series 32gb class 10 SDHC card.  I ordered one of these from newegg and when I received it, it did not work properly with the camera due to old firmware on the card.  Patriot has confirmed this over the phone, as the issue started with the T2i.  Apparently they fixed it in there new cards, but old ones are still out there!  I did order the Transcend 32gb class 10 and it is currently working fine at the moment.
I Highly recommend getting a wireless remote.  I picked up a brand called Shoot, here on amazon and works great for videos as well if you do not have anyone to operate the camera for recording.
Also the battery grip here on amazon fits perfect on the T3i and gives it a nice solid feel and increases stabilization.  Link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003QZ6SIY
0|7|5|I typically write, while we have professional photographers who do a lot of our legwork at events.  But recently, at an engagement party, I was using my trustworthy Canon Powershot and when it came to photos, for every one photo I took, my friend with his T2i was take 10 or more.  And even indoors, his pictures looked great!
Because I travel and cover so many events and there are times where our photographers are busy covering things, I figured...It would be great to have a DSLR.  I was at E3 and using my point-and-shoot, I knew right then and there, it was time to get a DSLR. I've been wanting to get one but frankly, the thought of me having to invest in the camera and several lenses and knowing they are not cheap...  I hesitated.
But no longer.  It was time to get a DSLR!
I have to admit....I was struggling between a Nikon 5100 or a Canon T3i (EOS 600) or even considering going a little higher-end.
But I've read from professionals who say, "It's the glass, not the body" and even our photographers, some of them are still using DSLR's made in the early 2000's and are quite content with the body, just focusing on the lens.
For me, I wanted the best of both worlds of having something to shoot photos and video.  While I was close to getting the Nikon, the video review on digitalrev was enough to convince me to go for the T3i (EOS 600) and for its price range, I was comfortable with that.  Maybe in the future I can get something high-end but for now, I need something entry-level and with the T2i having dropped in price and selling out online and at stores, I noticed the T3i can be found and sure enough, while there are a few more technical things that it has compared to the T2i, for me, the swivel lens was something that I liked.  Especially for shots that require taking photos from weird levels and angles.  So, that was a plus for me!
Upon opening the box, I realized that the T3i felt good but the higher-end cameras were more to my liking and are much more tougher.  But I figured, you get what you pay for and with the T3i, I just need to make sure I take care of it.
WHAT YOU GET:
I bought the version with an EF-S 18-55 IS II, so I got the lens with the two caps, inside are also the USB cord to transfer images and the Canon EOS Digital strap.  Instruction booklets, warranty registration and more.
SO FAR, SO GOOD:
Since owning the T3i, I have put this camera through hardcore use in a short amount of time.  Different events, different weather and have purchased quite a few things for this camera.
If there is only one thing that I WISHED this camera did have was an easier menu to change things.  Aperature or Shutterspeed.  Granted, higher end models may have a display right at the top but looking at the LCD, definitely read the manual and experiment how to change various settings and experiment how you can change on the fly.
And here are my thoughts that will definitely be different recommendations from others but it works for me:
*  Get a good prime lens - 50mm 1.8 (preferably a 1.4) Canon lens.  I have the former which works great for portrait shots but I know already that the 1.4 works much better...it's also several hundred dollars more.
*  Third party - I went third party for batteries, grip, hoods and they work perfectly.  I know there are diehards who purchase official Canon products but they are expensive and if you want to save money, look toward third party products.
*  Read the Manual - I know there are people (like myself) who are impatient of reading manuals but in this case, read the manuals, especially those Canon-based brochures of lenses they recommend.
*  Lenses - L lenses are great if you can afford them but if you can get yourself some Canon glass with image stabilization, this works great for entry-level photographers!  But if you are in it for the video, you want to get better glass!
*  Research and Flickr! - I did a lot of research before buying this camera and for the most part, camera sites have all been positive. But definitely do your research.  I call my photographer friends and staff with questions but seriously, I learned that they are used to their high-end cameras and used to their lenses that they can give you some advice but it's best to experiment on your own but also go on Flickr and study other photographers, look at their exif data and get an idea of what lens they shot, what aperture, what shutter speed, etc.  And try to experiment with those settings.  Granted, lighting and setting is different but it's good to research and see what others are doing and what they were able to capture and knowing what lens they use.
*  Last - Shoot Raw and consider purchasing a 10-speed, 16-32GB card.  Shooting at RAW gives you more options when using software like PhotoShop or Lightroom but you definitely want to shoot at RAW.  Nothing wrong with shooting via JPG, if you can manually fix those images on your own but I regret going to one event and shooting in JPG...I wished I shot RAW.  Now I do most of the time.  I say most of the time because I am in the process of purchasing a 32GB card (10-speed) and I have shot RAW 90% and 10% of the space, shot in JPG.
JUDGMENT CALL:
The T3i definitely delivers in picture quality and video.  Granted, if you have another $1,500+ to spend and money is no object...then go for the higher end Canon DSLR's.  But if you want to spend under a $1,000 but want very good quality for photos and video...the T3i is great!  There is not a humongous jump in features vs. its T2i brother and for some, the T2i may be enough, in fact, if you are not planning to shoot video, some people may want just the XSi which I still see people using and have taken great pictures with it.
But for me, the extra features that I saw with this camera, I have seen the potential that I can utilize in different settings of event coverage that I go to.  If there is one thing that I wish I had...better lenses.  The kit lens is a good entry level but at 18-55, there are times when I needed to switch to the EF75-33 (f4-5.6 III) and I see that my photographer had the convenience of having an 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM Lens and saw how it would make my life easier to have such a lens.
In fact, I really like the IS (image stabilization lens) and now looking towards those lenses for my T3i.  The kit lens is good but you will definitely want a good zoom!  And also, I felt that using the cheap Canon 50mm 1.8 gave me more vibrant photos and better bokeh than the 18-55mm that came with the kit.
As for video, the mic on the T3i is not the best, so you may want to consider purchasing a mic (one person I know uses a boom mic, another uses a mic that attaches on top T3i).  Taking video is very good but once again, if you are going for the T3i...plan to invest in larger GB cards...8GB is very good but I'm learning that I need more than that!  You may as well if you do cover events or take a lot of photos.
While the menu interface could have been better, part of the convenience that Canon does give to those who spend more money...so, for under $1,000...the T3i is still a great deal for the quality it gives.
I love this camera and I'm still learning as I go but so far so good! I still have yet to buy a Speedlite Flash (I do have an older Canon Speedlite from the late '70s (which I have used on a Canon A-1 SLR) that does work with the T3i but rather purchase something more modern.  And a few other things but for now, I'm just enjoying the pictures I take (and not enjoying the pictures I take, which is part of the learning process) but I'm quite content and happy that I bought this camera.
If anything happens 6 months or a year down the line, I will definitely update this review.
0|8|5|Check out my full T3i review video, video clips, sample photos and time lapse on YouTube. On YouTube search "2012 T3i Best DSLR"
Okay, now let's take a fresh look at the Canon EOS Rebel T3i (600D) DSLR and compare it to the 60D and T2i. In this review I'll also talk about some "MUST HAVE" accessories for this camera.
The Canon EOS Rebel T3i DSLR was release in March of 2011 and has quickly become one of the most popular DSLRs available.
As if the Rebel line wasn't popular enough with budding photographers... The introduction of the T3i has captured the imagination of thousands of aspiring videographers... with it's ability to capture FULL HD video... bright, articulating 3 inch LCD screen (which comes in really handy when shooting video in the field), and the ability to select from a host of lenses... which is common to DSLRs in general.
Professionals prefer DSLRs because they allow for an accurate preview of what they are shooting, at the moment they push the shutter button. DSLRs also have larger sensors than compact point-and-shoot digital cameras (which means a better quality and high-resolution image)...
Full HD video and interchangeability of lenses are particularly attractive to wannbe videographers (especially in a sub-$1000 DSLR... like the T3i)... because NOW they can shoot amazing HD video footage for a fraction of the what it would have cost... just a few years ago... PLUS they end up with a great camera for still photography...
The Canon T3i (600D) ships with the body, battery, battery charger, USB interface cable, AV cable, EOS solution disk (that contains the really handy EOS utility - I'll talk about this a bit more later...) and a suitable strap (although I quickly replaced mine). AND if you desire... a kit lens...
The T3i is considered a compact DSLR at 5.2 inches wide, 3.9 inches high and 3.1 inches deep (not including a lens)... compared to the larger and more expensive 60D at 5.69 inches wide, 4.17 inches high and 3.09 inches deep.
The T3i is very similar in size, weight and features to the less expensive T2i. The T3i feels solid and well made and is comfortable in the hand...
But I do have smaller hands... So if your hands are larger you may want to look to the 60D OR grab the Zeikos battery, power grip... for your T3i...with an additional battery...
This battery grip doubles the amount of shooting you can do between battery changes AND provides a much large grip surface.
At the heart of the Canon T3i is an 18 megapixel CMOS digital sensor and the DIGIC 4 processor. This sensor and processor are also found in Canon's 60D and T2i.
The camera has one SD card slot that can take a regular SD, SDHC or SDXC card... The T3i does not ship with a card. So plan on adding that to your your list.
I highly recommend using nothing less than a class 10 SDHC card for with this camera, especially if you want to shoot HD video.  Even if you don't, you'll want a fast card when shooting continuous photos at 18 mega pixels. I personally like 32 GB cards because they are pretty cheap now and give you enough room to shoot photos all day. Plus 32 giga bites is large enough to hold almost 2 hours of HD video.
The T3i has what Canon calls "Live View Shooting"...which provides a very accurate simulation of photos and video using the LCD screen... This is especially helpful when doing a video shoot without a separate field monitor.
The 3 inch variable angle LCD monitor is bright enough for shooting in full sun... and can be flipped so that if lays flat against the camera back or can be positioned at various angles for high and low shooting.
But remember... as with any camera-powered monitor, it will consume your batteries faster when you are using it. Brightness also effects battery consumption (which can be adjusted in the camera's setup menu). That being said, the flip and twist capabilities of this monitor make it a priceless asset for videographers and creative photographers.
One of the major differences between the T3i and the 60D is it's continuous shooting speed of 3.7 frames per second verse the 60Ds 5.3 frames per second.
For me, this was not an issue as I purchased my T3i primarily for shooting video. But if you like to shoot action, you may want to consider the 60D.
The controls of the T3i are easy to access with the thumb and four finger.  And are pretty easy to master with little effort... I do suggest keeping the manual near as it will prove a valuable asset and will save frustration as your skills progress.
One thing that really impressed about this camera was a real world example of how easy it is for a beginner to get professional results, with this camera... out of the box.
One day my son... who has never used a DSLR camera before, went on a walk with my new T3i. When he came back I could tell from his face that he experienced something really special. His big smile made me very curious to see his photos.
I was amazed at the stunning images this camera enabled him to capture... as he simply used the camera's scene "intelligent auto mode" and the dial-selectable "creative zone modes."
When you select a different dial mode, the camera shows a short and helpful description of that mode. This feature can accelerate your progress and help to quickly hone in on a mode that is best suited for the type of shooting you are doing.
My son's experience helped me realize what a fantastic job Canon did skinning over this formidable professional-level camera... with a simple and easy to use point-and-shoot-like interface... that enables the novice (like my son) to achieve very satisfying results.
I am convinced that results are one of the reasons that owners rate this camera MUCH higher (close to 5 out of 5 stars) than professional reviewers who usually rate this camera at less than 4 out of 5 starts... and tend to nit pick about technical details and specifications.
I'm not saying that specs are not important... but what I am saying is that, at the end of the day... all that matters is that you have good quality photos and videos to show for your effort, regardless of your experience level.
The T3i allows you to easily select and scroll between ISO 100 (for well-lit scenes) to ISO 6400 for lower lighting scenarios.
Photo quality generally looks great up through ISO 800 and begins to show some small signs of degradation from ISO 1,600 on.
The little scrolling wheel toward the front of the camera makes selection of a variety of functions... including ISO... really easy.
The 9-pt autofocus systems is accurate and quick for photos... but does struggle in very low light situations.
The T3i camera does have the ability to autofocus while you are shooting video... but often takes a few seconds to refocus focus...Plus the noise of the camera while focusing.... will likely be heard in your video. You will also find that the battery life will deplete rapidly when autofocusing a lot during a video.
All this being said, the T3i's video autofocus is pretty useless. Fortunately there are plenty of other great reasons to like this camera...
As with most cameras these days the T3i includes optical image stabilization that works well... with off-hand shooting.
The T3is battery life is generally good... however, battery life is so subjective and is very dependent on how you shoot, the brightness of your LCD screen...  and things like... whether you are using autofocus or not...
For shooting photos, I have found the battery life to be excellent allowing me to take 400 to 600 shots before needed a change.
Shooting video will consume your batteries at a much more rapid rate if you are using the camera's LCD screen to monitor your video.
So I would recommend that you pick up a few additional batteries. I have found a very inexpensive, after-market brand... that have proven to be just as reliable as the OEM battery that came with this camera. See my YouTube Review for more info on the accessories that I mention in this review...
And if you want to seriously extend the battery life of this camera (which is especially useful on location during a video shoot)... you should pick up the Zeikos Battery Power Grip for this camera that I mentioned earlier.
This is a high quality accessory that matches the camera in look and feel in every way and is less pricy than Canon's version.
It easily and securely attaches to the camera and has a removable tray that allows you to power the camera with 2 batteries instead of one.
This grip also comes with an additional tray that allows you to use 6 double A batteries to power the camera in a pinch. This is a great safety net for those involved in remote shooting... away from a power source.
If you don't want to be limited by batteries, Canon offers a DC power unit. There is a battery sized coupler that you simply insert into the battery port to power the camera by plugging it into a wall outlet.
For this accessory, I would only recommend the Canon brand.
One nice feature for those who wear corrective lenses (like me)... is the quality dioptric adjustment knob for the camera view finder.
This knob allows for plus and minus adjustments to ensure that you see things clearly through the view finder. Although this feature is common in many DSLRs... I was glad to find out that the T3i had it after the fact...
The T3i has a built-in mono microphone that sounds pretty good for general video shooting and includes an effective wind filter that can be toggled on and off in the camera's setup.
However, for serious video production I recommend that you use a quality external microphone to capture your audio. I use a Zoom H4N for a large range of purposes and really affordable Audio Technica lapel mics for shooting interviews and promotional videos. A Rode shotgun mic is another that you may want to consider.
On the side of the T3i there is a 1/8 inch stereo mic input. With the appropriate adapters you can send audio from 2 different mics directly into the camera's left and right channels. The camera allows you for manual adjustment of the record levels which is very useful.
There are several other camera ports which include... A remote control terminal. I picked up a very affordable timer remote that I use often for time lapse videos and low light situations.
There's digital audio / video out terminal and a mini HDMI out terminal this is great for using an external field monitor or hooking your camera up to your HD TV.
The SD card slot is on the other side and the battery compartment in easily accessible on the bottom of the camera.
When it comes to video the T3i really shines. It offers full HD video at 1920 by 1080 pixels at 30, 25 and 24 frames per second... on the high end... and also offers 1280 x 720 pixels at 60 frames per second (which is nice for slow motion) as well as 640 x 480 at 30 frames per second.
You can get exceptional results from this camera with a little attention to detail and by experimenting with the automatic and manual video settings... and by trying different lenses.
For low lighting situations, you may want to consider picking up a Canon 50mm F1.8 lens. It's been dubbed "plastic magic" because it captures surprisingly good quality photos and video for a a lens with a street price that hovers around $100.
The T3i also offers a 3x and 10x digital zoom that produces amazingly crisp video in movie mode.
The camera also has a new video snapshot feature that takes short clips of video and stitches them together. It's a fun feature for walking around town and shooting short video clips or having some fun at a party.
There's one VERY important aspect of shooting video with most DSLRs, and in our case, the T3i that you should be aware of.
To protect the camera from internal heat generated when shooting video... the T3i will stop recording video when the file size of a single movie clip reaches 4GB.
This means that if you are shooting in FULL HD that your maximum record time will be  around 10 to 14 minutes. This can be a bit annoying yet, it's easy enough to restart the video.... and if you only need to shoot clips shorter than 10 minutes you will probably never experience this issue.
However this function can be problematic in situations where you need to shoot longer lengths of video, like at a conference, a sporting event, or a church sermon.
One very helpful surprise that Cannon includes for free with this camera is the EOS utility software. With this software, the T3i, a reasonably modern computer (I use my MacBook Pro... 2010 vintage) and the included digital interface cable... you can extend the use of your laptop computer as a field monitor and command central for the camera.
You can remotely control all important camera functions from within the very intuitive interface of this program.
The EOS utility functions well for both photo and video shooting and provides a very nice simulation of what you will get...  This bonus has been particularly helpful to me for shooting video since it eliminated the need to purchase a $1,000 field monitor. Note though, that using the EOS utility will deplete your camera and laptop batteries faster than you would think. So I recommend plugging in your laptop and having a few extra batteries for your camera of getting the Canon DC coupler and power unit.
The camera also has a very useful built-in flash that will automatically pop up when needed or can be accessed manually with the touch of a button.
For more advanced photographers... the T3i supports the latest developments in wireless flash photography.
SO who is this camera for?
The T3i is best suited for those who want an easy to use, fast, reliable high-end prosumer DSLR that shoots incredible 18 mega pixel photos and FULL HD video... all in compact package for well under $1,000.
If you plan on doing a lot of high speed photography you may want to consider the 60D for it's faster 5.3 frame per second continuous shooting... which is the only real major difference between the two. However this upgrade will cost you between $300 and $400.
Also... if you want to save some money and don't really need the flip and turn LCD screen of the T3i... you many want to consider the T2i. This will save you around $100....
I will caution you though...  if you ever think that you are going to want to shoot video, macro-zoom photographs or anything at high or low angles... you may be sorry that you didn't get the T3i with it's flippy screen.
The T3i is also NOT for you if you want a compact, carry-in-your pocket camera to take with you everywhere... Even though the T3i is compact compared to many larger DSLRs... it's not small... So... if your main purpose is finding a camera to document life and have with you at all time... the T3i is probably not the camera for you.
Also... If you want to eliminate your camcorder with the T3i, look somewhere else... that's not what the T3i is purposed for. It lacks seamless autofocus in video mode and is not as easy convenient to set up and use as many mini-camcorders.
However, if you have a creative flair and want to shoot HD quality video productions, the T3i will help you get off to a great start.
All this aside the Canon EOS Rebel T3i is an amazingly popular, all-around DSLR camera... which is evidenced by the fact that... at the time of this video review... the T3i is the #1 best selling DSLR on Amazon.
The Canon T3i is an impressive value rivaling the Canon 60D in just about every way... and with it's full HD video, easy-to-use interface, exceptional 18 mega pixel image quality, large flip-and-turn LCD screen and a full set of professional functions... The T3i is a great place to jump into the wonderful world of DSLR photography and video... all for an astonishingly low street price of less than $800.
VIEW MY FULL T3i VIDEO REVIEW with Test Video, Sample Photos and Time Lapse Video on YouTube by Searching "2012 T3i Best DSLR"
Enjoy!
0|12|5|I have had the camera 2+ days. Finally upgraded from standard point-and-shoot. The camera is awesome so far. Very happy with the purchase, and look forward to learning about better photography.
Recommended as a first-time DSLR, the T3i has ample features. There is so much to do with this camera. As soon as I learn one feature, it's on to the next exciting one. Takes gorgeous photographs. Just last night, I took some outstanding low-light shots that were exciting for a newbie like me, and would not have been do-able with a standard point-and-shoot.
I really like the swivel on the live view when doing video clips, which was another reason I chose this camera over competitive models. You can use the live view to shoot stills as well, but I'm trying to learn the manual features and the viewfinder to get better acquainted with the camera. Just an FYI, you will need an SDHC card with a Series 6 rating or higher to do video. You can get a 16GB card on Amazon for a reasonable price.
The stock lens seems to be fine as I am learning to use the camera. I plan on upgrading the lens once I get more comfortable with it. Again, there are some good values on Amazon for Canon lenses (just search 'Canon Lens' and you'll see the most popular buys).
In closing, I took a long time to research and decide whether or not getting into a DSLR was worth it for me. Having now made the purchase, I can say without hesitation that it was well worth the money. Especially for a beginner like me, the T3i is a great camera.
0|13|5|I've been a Canon customer since 1978, when I bought the 35mm Canon A-1, and I've had a Canon SLR ever since. Getting the new flagship model every three or four years was something I did for a long time, but when D-SLRs came along, I began downsizing after the EOS 1Ds I got in 2004. In 2007 I moved to EOS 40D and, although losing the full-size sensor was a sacrifice, it was a step in the right direction. With my recent purchase of the T3i, it's another move away from the professional models.
Why would I do that? It's not so much the cost of new cameras that has shaped my decisions to downgrade; it's the size. While professional equipment is important to me, so are professional looking photos. And the truth is, after the newness wears off a D-SLR, I tend frequently to leave the big gun behind and rely on an advanced compact or ultrazoom for most of my shooting. As a result, I have more point-and-shoot pictures than I do pro quality ones.
This tendency has ended with the purchase of the T3i. The camera is modestly sized, and I never leave home without it. With the 18-55mm kit lens (very nice little lens for its specs) or 24-105L, it's not any bigger than the Fuji Finepix HS10 I leaned on for most of my shooting this past year. And while the HS10 is hands down the best ultrazoom camera I ever used, the difference in image quality, performance and even video between it and the T3i is night and day.
The T3i may not be blazing fast like my 1Ds or the 40D, but 90% of the shooting I do is not that kind of photography, anyway. What the T3i excels at is image quality. I have a whole raft of photos that, eked and tweaked to maximum effect in Photoshop, are only a little better than average because they were taken with a point-and-shoot camera. This camera's image quality, I'm happy to say, is superlative! So are the videos. Rebel T3i is almost too good to be true.
An articulating LCD is something I've come to insist upon, and this one is by far the best I've ever used. I don't use Live View every time, but I've certainly been in that mode a lot more frequently with this model than with the 40D! In review mode, the refresh rate is a bit slow when zooming in to look at details, but it's not as slow as reviewing pictures on, say, Panasonic DMC-ZS7. (I did test Canon EOS 60D at Best Buy and noticed that the refresh rate is much faster on that model--perhaps because of the larger battery--but it's really not enough of an issue to deduct a star.)
The resolution of the LCD is superb, and because it can be tilted and twisted to advantage, it can be viewed even in strong sunlight.
Although the nine-point autofocus system is getting criticism for lagging behind Nikon, focus is swift and accurate. At 3.7 fps, burst mode is cut nearly in half from my 40D's 6.5 fps, but so far this has not hampered my ability to catch fast moving subjects.
I appreciate the Lighting Optimizer function and use it a lot under the harsh lighting conditions in the desert where I live. It is of incalculable value.
I have yet to haul out the owner's manual, thanks to the on-board guide. Of course it helps that I've owned Canon D-SLRs before, but adjusting settings on this camera is a lot different than on my previous ones. There have been some settings I would have normally needed to consult a manual for, but it hasn't been necessary because the answers are in-camera. (I never shoot in Auto, by the way. I'm a manual mode kinda gal.)
Because images are very clean up to ISO 1600 and are usable even at ISO 6400, taking along the Speedlight flash so far has not been necessary. Yet another plus with this Canon iteration.
There's something about blown highlights that really sets my teeth on edge, but that has not been a problem, thanks to the T3i's Highlight Tone Priority function. Dynamic range is very good to excellent, even a hair better than my 40D. Colors are more accurate, too. I prefer the contrast one stop under the camera's default setting, which is, admittedly, fairly punchy and will result in a blown highlight here and there. Reducing contrast just a tad fixes that.
Eighteen megapixel resolution is outstanding.
Sometimes I think about the EOS 60D's speedier performance, more advanced autofocus system and that wonderful electronic level and wonder if I made the right choice. But then I remember the heft and bulk of that camera and all the times I've left my SLR at home for those very reasons, and I know the T3i was the right decision. I really, really like this new camera--and I take it everywhere!
0|15|5|I'm a new DLSR user. I had my P
for nearly 10 years (Canon of course), and I finally decided to take that leap into the big boy cameras. And I have to say, the T3i was truly the best pick for a beginner DLSR-er. My other option was the 5D Mark II, but it would have been too hi-tech for me (plus it does not come with a built-in flash), and not to mention $1200.00 more expensive.
The Canon T3i is a perfect START for anyone who is not already familar with the DSLR cameras.
The shutter sounds will need some getting used to, and auto-focus as well.
I carry my camera everywhere I go, the pictures are fantasic. I would recommend getting a really good SD card to keep up with the camera. i.e. the Extreme III 32GB, which is much cheaper on Amazon than anywhere else. There is also the Extreme sold at local Best Buy's 16GB, which was the 1st upgrade from my basic point and shoot SD card class 2. Go with class 10 all the way.
0|17|3|Hopefully this will help someone who is undecided between the Canon T3i and the 60D. I last used a 35mm SLR about 15 years ago. I was used to being able to quickly and easily adjust aperture, iso and shutter speed. Since then I've used a progression of Canon digital point and shoots. When I got the T3i I was expecting a similar experience to my SLR days, but was sorely disappointed. To make changes with the T3i, you have to navigate through a difficult to use menu one the LCD display. With the 60D you're able make those changes much more easily without using the LCD menu. The small screen on top of the camera is a big help and displays the current settings. Otherwise the two cameras are capable of taking the same quality photographs.
If you can, I would suggest trying both cameras out and seeing which you're more comfortable using.
Pros for the 60D: Change settings more quickly, longer battery life
Cons for the 60D: Heavier and more expensive
Pros for the T3i: Lighter and less expensive.
Cons for the T3i: More difficult to navigate menu and change settings, also shorter battery life
0|18|5|I looked at many items before pulling the trigger on the Canon T3i. I went to Best buy and tested out the Canon T2i, the Nikon D5100, the Canon 60D, and the Nikon D7000. After testing out all the products I came to the decision that the only cameras I liked that felt good in my hand were the Canon T2i, Nikon D5100 and the Can T3i. I went for the T3i over the T2i because of the articulating LCD screen. I personally preferred the Canon T3i over the Canon T2i because of that one reason only, which is not a huge deal. The reason I chose the T3i over the Nikon D5100 was because of video manual focus on the Canon and also the Nikon D5100 does not have a built-in focus motor. I am sure the Nikon D5100 is a spectacular camera and it sports a larder image sensor than the Canon. I just felt in my opinion that the Canon T3i was the best deal at $789.99 with the lens kit.
I took the camera out to the beach and tested it and was amazed by the Canon T3i quality. I literally took a picture of a surfer 75 Yards away with the kit lens, and was able to zoom in, in Photoshop and crop an up close beautiful detailed picture of the surfer. The quality is amazing I am upgrading from a Canon XSI and love it. I also took a picture of a cherry tree that was about 30 yards away, and then opened it up in Photoshop, zoomed in, and could see cherries that I could not even see with my eyes from the spot where I took the picture. I can not wait to get Canon 15-85mm f/3.5-5.6 EF-S Zoom Lens and than I will be in some serious business.
0|22|5|I bought this camera in May from my local camera store and I couldn't be happier with my choice. I researched for months and I really wanted a Nikon but at the time there weren't any new Nikons out and the newest DSLR in my price range was the T3i. I talked to every one I knew with a DSLR and they all said it was a great camera. So I decided to give it a shot.
I love this camera. I only used Auto for the first few months while I learned what all the buttons did (I prob still dont know them all). Now I almost never shoot in auto unless I cant get the picture I want then I try auto.
Pros:
Great screen
the screen rotates
easy to use buttons
the pictures turn out amazing
great battery life
Cons:
Price, Im cheap and I know it. I hate how expensive the lens and camera was.
Over all it was worth every penny I spent. I love how wonderful the pictures come out and all the wonderful functions. I suggest everyone taking a photography class when they buy a DSLR. You need to learn all you can about these amazing camera DONT ONLY SHOOT AUTO!
0|23|5|I just bought this Canon T3i as my first ever SLR or DSLR.  I did a fair amount of research and I kept on coming back to this camera.  I've had several Canon camera's in the past and have always liked the quality of pictures they produced so I guess you can say that for me, all roads really do lead to Canon.  I've only had it a little more than a week and am learning new things about this camera every day.  I got the 18-55mm kit lens and just bought the Canon 55-250mm IS lens too.  Sorry I can't give a detailed review about the camera like many have done so far but as a beginner I can say that I LOVE this camera and am very pleased with how easy it is to use and understand the controls.  I'm glad I took the plunge and bought it.  Highly recommend.
0|25|5|Since there are so many great reviews already that go in depth about the actual T3i, I am going to gear mine more towards what I struggled with the most when making my decision:
1) Should I get the T3i over the T2i?
2) Do I purchase the body only or the kit?
I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to spend extra money for the flip out screen, but I'm so glad I did.  I am a videographer and this thing is amazing with video (even better with fast lenses of course).  Being that I shoot video, the fold out screen has been very useful in seeing what I am shooting whether the camera is high or low, for example, I am able to have the camera mounted on a monopod and lift it up over the dance floor at a wedding... Without the adjustable screen, many of my shots would be useless. Much of the research I did, didn't make a big deal of this, but I definitely think it worth the difference in price, if not more.  If you just shoot photos, it may not be as necessary, but I'm sure it will still help more than you expect.
If you're a professional photographer, you may want to skip the rest of this review.  If you're new to DSLRs, DON'T GET THE KIT!!! I know its very tempting because as soon as your new toy comes in, you want to play with it. To do so you obviously need a lens.  Well to say the least, I wish I listened to everyone and put the money into better lenses than these.  If you haven't looked into lenses yet, be prepared for sticker shock, because many of them cost much more than the camera itself.  I know it's a bit overwhelming at first, but your pictures and video will be much better AND your lenses will retain their value whereas your camera body will not.  To be honest, if you are just getting into photography(and no video), I would say save some money on the body and buy a used canon xsi and put the rest into a lens or two.  It's sad to say but they will outlive your camera body (as long as you care for them) and if for some reason you decide you want to stop shooting, they can easily be sold for close to what you bought them for.
The canon 50mm 1.8f is an amazing value for about $100-$120 (see the product link at the bottom) which I would strongly recommend over the kit lens. If you're planning on doing professional photography in the future, you may want to get the 1.4f, $300 - $400, if you have the money because it's a faster lens with better construction, and the focus ring is much nicer. It is important to note that the 50mm lens is a prime lens (meaning no zoom) so you would have to walk closer or further from the subject to manually zoom.
If you want a zoom lens, I would recommend a couple things... Research "Aperture" and understand what the "f" number is when purchasing a lens(a constant aperture throughout the range is preferable, yet more costly).  Also I would recommend doing some research on Tamron and sigma brand lenses.  Although canon lenses are definitely the best, the price tag definitely reflects it.  I have decided to go with sigma lenses myself, but that's not really the point of this review so I won't go any further than to say if you have lens questions, feel free to use the comment section of this review and I can share everything that I've learned researching them.  I am by no means an expert but I will do my best to assist.
Sorry for that rant, yet I see these reviews as a way of helping others learn from my mistakes and benefiting from my research.  Back to the T3i, It is an amazing camera for the price and I would definitely recommend it (Body Only =).  Hope this helps!!!
PS. Here's the 50mm link
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00007E7JU
Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II Camera Lens
0|27|5|We compared the T3i head to head against the Nikon D5100.  In full auto mode, the T3i beats the Nikon.  They are probably identical in the hands of a pro using manual settings, but in auto the D5100 has lousy white balance and notable motion blur.
Then we compared the T3i head to head against the D5100, the Sony Alpha 55, and the Canon 60D.  Found the 60D to be too heavy, and that the 18-135mm lens is also too heavy and cumbersome.  I really liked the fixed mirror of the Sony and continuous phase autofocus in live view and movie mode.  But the snapshots of the T3i were slightly better.  With the shortcomings of the a55, it is probably a tier lower and thus overpriced.  I think we'd have bought the a77 over the T3i if both were $700 for the body and 18-55mm kit.
The T3i excels under low light, the whole point of moving up from a point and shoot.  It was hard to not go with a mirrorless or fixed mirror system, but the T3i had the best pictures, simple as that.  After taking about 600 pictures in the last few days, had to learn a little about the semi-auto features.  Very useful are setting white balance to scene instead of using auto or a preset, and using portrait mode for indoor shots and putting the flash up or down as desired.  Also find shutter priority mode helpful to get shots without motion blur, and also like locking max auto ISO to 1600 or 800 for lower noise.
The bottom line is that we get extremely natural looking photos taken indoors at night without flash.  I took pictures in dim tungsten lighting that look like they were taken in the afternoon with indirect sunlight coming in the windows.  Amazing--why we bought the camera and why it gets 5 stars.
Also bought the Tamron 18-200mm zoom lens and the Rode Videomic Pro as accessories--both of those earn 5 stars, too.
We purchased the T3i and the Tamron lens online from B
who has a no-hassle return policy.
0|30|5|My first SLR..What a good choice for me. It came naturally since I've been using Canon's point and shoot camera's for 35 years. I haven't put it down since I brought if home. Yes, I'm new, and YUP, its fast, accurate and the LCD w/o a doubt is clear, and super fun. My husband was drying our pretty Papillon, I was laying on the bed, taking pics upside down, why, cuz I could! I love how you can take pics at just about every which way your laying, standing, whatever way, its great! Since the SLR is new to me, I have some learning, but so far, it's GREAT. Images are super sharp, clear and despite I don't have a zoom lens, its pretty sweet. We had a nice sunset tonight, and images VERY crisp, and beautiful, along w/ the color.
If this is your first SLR, Go for it!!!
0|31|5|I want this review to help those who appreciate good quality pictures and videos to capture family moments that can be viewed back without saying " I wish the pictures were crisper and more colorful". I am an avid home photographer with no desire to learn any more about my camera than to take pictures in the 'auto' mode that comes with cameras.
I've always kept a Canon point and shoot and a Sony video cam (~2005) since my first child was born, and have great photos/videos marking many milestones. I held back from upgrading my DV Video cam to a HD video cam knowing that soon enough (2 years?), I would find a single device to take with me that does pictures and HD video. I started looking into such devices in 2010. I was glad I saw the Sony NEX 5 that had high reviews on dpreview.com. Went with it for Christmas when I had my favorite extended family members and their kids with me for the first time with my new born. It was meant to be a season to remember. Guess what? The pictures were too soft when compared to my previos Canon point and shoot. The HD video was better than my Sony DV camcorder though. But the pictures left me 'wishing'. Kept it for a couple more months while checking dpreview.com if new products that did pictures and HD video were out. Then came across the Olympus PEN EPL2. Sold my Sony Nex 5 for half-price and went for the PEN. Even with the PEN, I was found 'wishing the pictures came out better'. There were no other products that I wanted to try as I slowly was losing hope for one camera that did it all. Then came the Canon T3i.
BOY! AM I GLAD I BOUGHT IT! This is a regular DSLR and bulkier than the Sony Nex 5 and Olympus E-PL2 which are Micro Four Thirds. But the pictures and video immediately delighted me. The colors were nicely reproduced. The flash lighting in indoor shots was excellent (a main draw-back with the Sony NEX 5 and Olympus Pen E-PL2). Most family shots are indoors and a good flash is necessary.
I can say that I have stopped wishin for good pictures and instead enjoy the beautiful pictures from the Canon T3i with the kit lense. My search for a product that does both stills and video with great quality is complete.
0|32|5|I was not a photo enthusiast like some of the reviewers who were seasoned to the "DSLR" terminologies and technology and I can associate with the few that have come from the "point & shoot" camera experience
&
the typical knowledge gained through this type of interaction.
My choice to move to a DSLR was not an easy one but what I can say is that I had to do some homework like some of the buyers from which I would have been previewed to two names having made their mark in the DSLR photography world being Canon and Nikon. The pros and cons of which I would not go into because the fact remains in the ultimate choice of a person and in the finances they have at their disposal sine both these brands have similar features with "+s and -s" in their own distinctive categories over which they have ruled and still improving on respectively.
What I can say from my interaction and use of the camera has improved my photos tremendously and this is mostly in part to the extended and fully capable feature set of this camera. It has been a great introductory DSLR experience for me and this is what I can base my recommendation on and it has only served to improved my thirst for creating better images which has led me to researching materials and training videos to get my skill set up to scratch.
I bought the camera with the standard EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS lens and it is a great learning lens for beginners I can definitely see myself progressing to other high-powered lens as I immerse further into the DSLR world and image photography. All with the ultimate goal of transforming what the eyes see on a daily basis into photography, capturing the moment in time and translating it into a story that can be felt by many through their own eyes.
I will definitely recommend this camera to those who want to take the bold leap into the DSLR photography world, I can assure you that you will be amazed....
0|34|5|I have been a Canon EOS user for about 15 years, starting out with manual cameras and then working my way up to the EOS digital models in 2005.
Two years ago, I was getting a little frustrated carrying around a bag with multiple lenses and the camera on holidays. I wanted something small that had similar capabilities. I found it in the Panasonic Lumix range and sold all of my Canon gear.
Then my daughter was born. Suddenly my major focus changed from landscape shots to portraits and Kodak moment type snaps of her. This was fine when we were outdoors but compact cameras really struggle in low-light situations. Two months ago, I decided it was time to dive back into the world of digital SLRs. I didn't need too many bells and whistles, just a simple SLR that could take fantastic shots of my daughter and her future siblings.
I found it.
This EOS is a super camera for the price. I used to pay 4 times as much to get lesser quality in the older cameras in the range. My brother, a professional photographer, has one of the best models in the series and even he is impressed with this basic model's capabilities.
The new articulated screen is a good addition as is the ability to take HD video. The camera fills my hand nicely and is easy to hold stable due to the molded back. Th e software, screen menus,and buttons are all familiar and easy to understand. Anyone with previous Canon experience will feel right at home.
The best part of all, though, is that I am now producing beautiful photos of my daughter with no effort whatsoever.
I would recommend this camera to any new user to digital SLRs or users who want to come back to something bigger than a compact without going overboard.
0|36|5|After searching and searching for a DSLR camera I had almost convinced myself of the T2i. I resisted and ended up waiting to purchase the T3i, which was the best decision I made. At a glance the camera has a good feel to it and overall has the same features as the T2i. The main differences I noticed in it were the flip out LCD screen, which I use more often for some of the photos I take. Among the screen, the improvement to the video truly being 1080p and the simple menu. The camera itself is very user friendly whether you have read the manual or not. I am a person to read through and learn the various features the camera has to offer. I am impressed with the lens that comes with the camera for the wide angle aspect of it due to a lot of places I shoot pictures there are a lot of people and requires me to get close to get the shot I want. Disappointed they offer HDMI input, but don't provided the cable. I have only scratched the surface of my purchase, but I am pleased thus far. I recommend anyone looking for a camera to at least give the T3I a glance or consider it.
0|41|4|This is a really great camera and the pictures come out very clear with the stock 18-55 mm lens. If you have the camera on auto everything it does a really good job at well doing everything automatically. If you are on manual it is also pretty easy to use, but if your in a rush just use auto. The only reason why I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because the movie mode has 1 major flaw like most dslr cameras do. The one thing I dislike is the noise it makes when you are autofocusing. This noise is heard in your video unless you buy an external microphone. If you already have an external mic then this is a really good 5 star camera :D Will so recommend this to anyone looking for an entry level dslr camera.
0|42|5|I was having a tough time chosing a camera since im not a pro i was almost sold on a cheaper camera however i knew i was making an investment so I went with this one. I was very happy to find out that the camera was very easy to use and there was very little learning curve. Granted the longer I used the camera the better I became. It was the most fun i have ever had with a camera. If you can spend the $ I highly recommend this.
0|43|5|Purchased this camera for my wife who wants to get into photography.
The camera is very easy to use and takes amazing pictures even with automatic mode.
This can be a manual camera or you really can use it as a point and shoot.
The camera is lightweight and is fun to use other lenses.
Highly recommended
Amazon shipping is the best also
thanks
0|44|5|I am an entry-level DSLR owner, and wanted a camera that would grow with me. The T3i is absolutely perfect for this.
I don't actually care about the video-taking capabilities of this camera, though when I have taken video with it, it's been fine. What I really care about is how well it takes pictures, and for that, it's fantastic. The full-on automatic setting is great, sometimes taking a much better picture than I would have. The "no-flash automatic" is what I tend to use most, especially in indoor areas like museums. When I want to play with DOF, the Aperture Priority setting is excellent.
This camera performs admirably in low-light settings, often getting shots without a flash that shock me with their quality. In Lightroom, I don't have to do much postprocessing to get my shots to come out looking great. My only complaint is that the automatic setting does tend to overexposure, so if you're in a situation where the lighting isn't standard, keep an eye on that and switch to a more manual setting. It's a lot harder to fix overexposure than underexposure.
If I have any complaint about this camera, it's that I would have liked more, or better, indicators via the viewfinder. I find I use the viewfinder -- which is not, by the way, the brightest or sharpest viewfinder I have ever seen -- more than the LCD monitor by far -- to the point where I sometimes don't flip the LCD monitor over at all. And about the flipping -- that's a very nice touch. I don't often use it like one would use a side-view mirror, but I do love that flipping it over protects the screen.
Likely, if you're an enthusiast who can afford this camera, you're not going to use the postprocessing techniques in the "Creative mode" section of the camera; you'll use an outside tool like Lightroom. I wouldn't put much stock in being able to, for example, apply a magenta tone to your picture. And labelling on-phone is a giant pain. Unless you think you'll forget the location, don't even bother.
The kit lens on this camera is actually quite good - I alternate between the kit lens and the f/1.8 50mm that everyone who owns a Canon DSLR should have. Unless you're wanting to take significant zoom images, it's a clear, fast lens for most work.
For what I wanted this camera to do, I have found it to be absolutely fantastic.
0|45|5|I am long time buyer of Canon DSLR cameras (since the Canos EOS 300D). As aways, canon managed to improve what was already good. The Canon T3i is a great camera.
0|47|5|The Rebel T3i is an excellent camera if you want good professional photography and professional movie making on a budget. I will note, however, some issues I have run into so you are aware they exist and plan accordingly.
MOVIE MAKING
Some people (myself included) get this camera for the ability to shoot 24p, 30p and 60p movies through a large lens into a large sensor, which in the world of pro video cameras would cost you many times more, all the above being equal.
POWER
One thing I would like to tell you from the start is that if you get a 6 battery add-on power pack for this camera, plan to use it for photos only. For movies, you will go through a battery magazine in a few minutes!
Find the AC adapter to use the camera straight from wall power for movies. Such an adapter is available right here on Amazon to buy separately and it will save you lots of frustration, recharge waiting time and battery costs.
FLASH (for photos)
The MK off-camera remote flashes are well worth the investment, because they will give you the ability to capture amazing photos by experimenting with lighting, color, exposure and shadows.
ENHANCEMENTS
You will focus manually when shooting movies with a DSLR, but that is OK because you want to use this camera especially for movie effects such as close-ups or dialogues while pulling focus. A follow-focus device will help here. They range from a few hundred dollars to a plastic strip with a handle on eBay for $14, and an upcoming "$50 follow focus" Hondo Garage project to be released soon. All the above devices other than the eBay cheap solution will require a $120-300 rig. To make your rig look impressive (if you film for clients) and to enhance your movie making ability, add a matte box that holds filters or at least one that works as a shade.
Zebra stripes, HDR, more control, etc
One gray market utility that greatly enhances photo shooting and movie making is a firmware sidegrade called Magic Lantern. I've used it with no glitches.
Tripod, dolly
Think Ravelli and Peartree, both available here on Amazon.
Lights and studio backdrops
You will want a perfect white, black and green background, and the key to success is good and ample lighting. Neweer and Cowboy Studio among others, here on Amazon.
By now you're realizing that making movies on a Canon Rebel T3i is neither cheap nor hassle free. However, it beats spending $15,000 for a cinema camera that needs $600 storage media and a $3000 lens.
The lens included in this kit (18-55mm) is excellent for most purposes, and appears to be a favorite for making movies. In pictures it has a slight corner distortion at the widest angle setting, which may go unnoticed unless someone's face happens to be there. Overall, considering the awesome savings and the ability to work like a movie director without a Holywood budget, highly, highly recommended.
TIP
If you use another camera to capture other parts of your movie, and the T3i just for the high quality portions (close-ups, pulling focus, dialogues, faces, etc) then make sure you shoot at the same frame rate or close (if your other camera is 29.97 / 60i then use this camera at 30p (closest setting) and interpolate the footage from the other one so both are progressive before combining them. Also do a white balance on both cameras right before shooting.
TWEAKING
This Canon (with minor adjustments and a little patience) can match footage shot on most other cameras if you need to work with 2 cameras; at least it matches my Canon and Panasonic pro video cameras close enough so people can't tell that two or more completely different cameras were used.
CONCLUSION
Excellent deal for photographers; a godsent for indie movie makers.
0|48|5|After purchasing the camera, I never thought I would ever use the video recording function even though it has the capabilities of recording in full 1080HD. But then I was asked to help out with a school video project, a campaign called I Love HC. Needless to say, I decided to use my T3i. The quality is awesome. Here is a link to the video so you can see for yourself! [...]
0|49|5|I'm a film student and was trying to decide between a t3i and Nikon 5100. everyone tells me that Nikon has a better lenses, but when it comes down to it you can buy any lens for your camera. the 600d has better continuous recording, you have better manual capabilities. after a lot research i decided to go with the canon, i went with a t3i and not a t2i for the flip around screen. i shoot in awkward positions sometimes and it defiantly comes in handy. i would recommend this camera over any one on the market and shoots great in low lighting settings. all the controls fit my hand nicely and it feels natural. my favorite thing is the dedicated iso button making it easy to change quickly.
0|50|4|Great camera for shooting still photos. The quality is superb and low-lighting is a breeze (as soon as you get used to working the correct settings).
The main reason I chose the T3i was for the 1080p video is offers. The video quality is great, but there are a few things to be aware of.
1) You'll want to get a memory card rated at a 10 for speed, and make sure it's a good-quality brand. If you scrimp on the card you'll forever be hitting yourself when the video recording repeatedly stops for no apparent reason. I have been through three cards that don't cut it (three different brands). Make sure you shell out the money for a quality card or you won't be able to record the data fast enough for 1080p (particularly in bright lighting or when you have a light source in the background--like a TV or lamp).
2) The camera does not auto-focus while recording video which can be really annoying. If you do any panning or zooming you will find yourself constantly toggling the manual focus on your lenses. Most DSLRs are the same, but I made an unwise assumption that this one would be different since they seemed to solve many of the conventional video problems DSLRs have.
3) If you use an external video monitor while shooting video, plan on 480i resolution. The second you push the record button on the camera, the 1080p output signal changes to 480i (DVD quality video) instead of 1080p (High Def). This is not a problem at all if you don't use an external monitor, but is really annoying if you do.
4) Sound quality from the built-in mic is not good. I use external mics, so this is not an issue for me, but if you depend on the built-in mic for your audio you might find yourself sorely disappointed. Still, it does okay for home video in a pinch, but for professional-quality video you'll want to purchase an external mic.
All-in-all, this is a fantastic camera for still photos and a great camera for video quality/clarity. It is a little weak on the video recording features, but...what can we expect from a DSLR, right?
I would definitely recommend this camera for anyone in the market for a camera in this price range. If I had a little extra to spend for a DSLR I would recommend a Canon 7D. If I were to purchase solely for video I would recommend a Canon HF G10. Yeah, I'm a Canon fan. Canon makes good quality optics without too many proprietary accessories (like Sony).
0|54|5|I haven't even had a month with the T3i yet and already I can tell it was money VERY well spent. As many of you are probably doing now, I had to decide which brand, then which model to pick. It was a tough choice, for the longest time I was trying to decide between the Nikon D3100 and the Canon T2i, but for just a little bit more, you get a nice flip-out high resolution screen, remote flash firing, and a few other goodies with the T3i. I'm not a photographer. In fact, I had absolutely no interest in photography until just recently. This is my first DSLR camera, and it's perfect for me. it has enough settings and features so I won't become easily bored, or "grow out" of it, yet it has a great feature guide that tells you what each mode should be used for (fully customizable of course). The 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 Image Stabilized (IS) Kit lens that it comes with is perfect for getting used to the camera. It's good for those relatively close up group shots, or portraits. Even very small subjects can be brought into focus with this lens. And when your'e ready to upgrade, the 55-250mm IS lens is very reasonably priced (that's what I plan to get next anyway). I would recommend getting a SanDisk Extreme SD card to go with this (at least 8gb). OH! one last thing, the HD movie mode. That was another huge selling point for this camera. Although the Nikon D3100 AND the Canon T2i both have 1080p HD video recording, they do NOT have inputs for an external microphone. For some this might not be a big deal at all, but it's always a nice thing to have if you should want to dabble in the cinematography world in the future.
Overall, GREAT camera, I would recommend it to anyone.
0|55|5|I got the Rebel T3i because I'm going into photography and thought it would be a great starter. It is FANTASTIC! I got it ahead of schedule from Amazon, got the free backpack, filter and SDHD card free and it all worked! It was a serious gift to get the camera when I did, because I was doing some serious shooting that day and my Cannon point and shoot just didn't cut it.
About the camera:
-Its a Cannon, I would never use a different brand, ever. Its functions are mind-blowing! There are complaints about flash, how it was made with cheap plastic and all that nay-saying but if you're going to spend your money, get this camera!
-Best pictures I've ever gotten. For someone who takes as many pictures as I do, quality is important.
-I thought it would be heavy or difficult to use, but in an hour I had it mastered, and I think my point-and-shoot is heavier.
-The 18-55mm lens is excellent, and I can't wait to purchase more.
Bottom Line:
Shell out the money, get the 18MP version, and never take bad pictures again!
0|57|5|The product was packaged very nicely and arrived on schedule. Camera clicks great photos with visible difference as compared to my non SLR camera. Great product and easy to use
0|60|5|I've had my T3i for six months now, and so far I'm extremely pleased with my results.  I'd call myself at least a semi-professional, having had 10 different digital camera since my first (a Kodak DC120 that cost $1,000) in 1998, including a number of Nikons and Canons.  There are some very long reviews on this site for the T3i, so I'll spare you the details.  But, I take lots of different digital images (over 6,000 since April with this camera), from action photos of our grandchildren playing in their basketball and volleyball games to macrophotographs (using a Canon 100mm macro)of flowers and other organisms, and I'm almost always amazed by the results - images are sharp and colors are right on.  And a number of times folks around me looking at the results have commented on "how amazing" the images are.  Videos have also been lots of fun to take, although the learning curve for getting good video is a little steeper than for still images.  And honestly, if I were going to take very much video, I'd get a dedicated video camera.  This camera, as one might expect, is very versatile, and the important lesson I learned early on is to read the book and go to the internet for advice on how to get the most out of it - some fantastic information there.  Practice, experiment, practice, experiment, etc., and not surprisingly, the more you do the better images you'll get. Common sense I know, but it is tempting and easy to simply set the camera on Scene Intelligent Auto setting and click away, expecting the best (and actually getting a lot when you do).  I rarely use that setting, choosing rather to mostly use the Program AE mode and customize my image taking to the situation.  I could go on and on, but I don't think you'll be sorry if you get a T3i.  It's worth the money!
0|63|5|I just got this camera and I'm in love with it!  This is my first DSLR (I have several 35mm SLR) and it is so easy to use.  the menus are self explanatory.  I was suprised by how lightweight it is compared to the Nikon D5100. I'm a Nikon person so the D5100 was my first choice.  I played with my friend's D5100 and I found the menus and settings somewhat confusing compared to the Canon T3i.  I love using it for video too and I love that you can take stills while filming.  I chose the Canon because I already had other Canon lenses and because the price was right.  I was second guessing my choice until I received my camera and was blown away by how great the pictures came out and by the ease of use.
0|66|5|I really love this camera. The photos are phenomenal and the features are easy to use. Theres not much I can say about this camera that hasnt been said so I will just say if you buy this camera, you will not be disappointed.
0|67|5|Just been 2 day's since I got this but I absolutely love it. Was considering the Nikon D5100 or this and the only thing that convinced me to get this one is the controls. They are easy to get to v/s the nikon and if you want to learn photography, would totally recommend this.
0|70|5|I bought this camera for my Wife because she told me she wanted a Camera that was easy to use and that takes good pictures, I read all of the reviews I could find about the Cannon T3 and the T3i and I felt that the value was there so I bought the T3i. I feel I got a great Camera for a fair price and so far my Wife is still Smiling so I guess I did the right thing.
We have taken a few pictures of our 2 German Shepherds and of all of our Grand Children and we plan on taking quite a lot more.
I am well pleased with the Quality of the Camera and of the Pictures we have taken.
0|72|5|Great camera for a beginner. Works great in still and video modes. The only thing that the description doesn't give any information about is the type of memory card to be used. In the manual, they say Class 6 (6 MBps) or higher. And I have purchased a 32GB Class 6 SDHC card, and it can only record 640x480 30fps video. But lets be honest, you buy an amazing camera with pretty cool features and why do you want to compromise on some feature that degrades the whole purpose of the camera.
But anyways, I did some research about HD video recording on DSLRs and found that even though Class 6 SDHC cards work great with the photos, they don't work for HD videos. And the best memory cards suitable for the HD video recording are supposed to be Class 10 (10 MBps) or higher. And following that I also found that in some cases Class 10 (10 MBps) might also not work. And I did further research for find the apt memory card for HD video would require minimum of 30 MBps data rate (45 MBps would be better). But I had to compromise and buy the 30MBps version which is quite costly (about $95).
So, if you are buying this camera for a photography purpose its a wonderful and great camera. But provided the memory card is suitable for HD video recording, the video camera also works great!!.
I need not give any more info regarding the image quality and other stuff, they are always there for any camera...
I would definitely recommend this for a friend!!
0|73|5|and I can't quit buying them!! I love my Rebels! The T3i is WONDERFUL!! This camera is so easy to use. It takes great pictures on the auto settings and even better ones when you get creative and use the manual settings. My only complaint is that when I am shooting in live mode some pictures appear blurry and sometimes it took longer for the camera to focus....but that was my first real event with the camera, so hopefully I will figure this out!
0|74|5|Oh what fun this camera has been! This was such a splurge for me & I don't regret any of it! I am just a normal girl, no experience in photography, and this takes professional photos (ON AUTO!!!) I cannot say enough great things about this! The video quality feels like you are there, the swivel screen is great! The options are endless on this! You will not regret this purchase-promise!
0|75|5|Disclaimers:
I'm not a photographer and I don't use the advanced settings and functions of this or any camera.
That said I am a father fo two little boys that are very active in sports and in general.  I use the various quick settings on the dial and go, this camera takes amazing pictures.  I previously owned a Digital Rebel XT which was great as well, but this is far better for a few reasons.  First it is faster to start, it has the adjustable LCD viewfinder, and most importantly shoots HD video.  The video quality is ridiculously good as well AND I only need to carry and operate one camera now.
I replaced the kit lens with an EF-S 18-135mm and 55-250mm and with my tripod can take just about any shot and video even at his baseball games.  Combine a battery grip and 32GB memory card and I can get through an entire tournament shooting a ton of pictures and short videos.
I bought a killer camera like this BECAUSE I am not a photographer and it allows me to take great pictures and video.
I highly recommend this camera to anyone in a similar situation, it has paid for itself many times over already.
0|77|5|We had a Canon G series camera earlier which got damaged due to salt water. So went for the T3i this time. Its a very good camera with lot of features. My wife is still learning to try out all the features as it is very vast. Lot of unique capabilities which I have not seen in any other cameras.
0|78|5|I make video Documentary Films, I have worked with the Canon 7d, canon 60d and with the T3i. In video quality and functionality the 3 cameras provide me the same. In my personal opinion i like the t3i the most. The price is a good reason to buy this camera, but also this camera is smaller and lighter (maybe more fragile at the same time). But so far does the job and never cease to impress me. My recommendation is to spend the money in better lens and not in expensive cameras like the 7D ( FOR VIDEO PORPOISES)
0|79|5|Works great and I paid only $694 including tax. Extensively tested this camera and all is well. Tilt/flip LCD Screen is very handy and this allows you to even take pictures of yourself. The upper priced DSLR Canon models lack this feature. This is all the camera your amateur photographer will ever need. It feels light and is well balanced in your hands. If you want better quality pictures than the provided kit lens gives you, go buy yourself a Canon L lens for this T3i body. Buying a better body is not the answer to better pictures. It is like stereo equipment, the quality of the Stereo PreAmp/Amp  can only audibly improve the sound just so much. Having overkill amp power and statistical levels of inaudible  distortion, that the ear cannot hear in the first place, does not improve sound quality. The "SPEAKERS" are the only part of the system that can do that. So here too, it is the "LENS" that really makes the difference in "PICTURE QUALITY" and not the camera bodies that have overkill features not necessary for 99.99% of camera users. Don't waste your money on those bells and whistles, buy yourself a better lens instead.
The T3i is a great camera body and the 55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS kit lens is not bad either for the money.
0|82|5|Excellent camera, sharp photos, has various modes simple enough to work with even for a novice like myself. Now i don't want to go back to the regular play and shoot cameras. Worth the investment....
0|83|5|purchased this as a christmas gift for my wife. She's always had smaller compact cameras and complained about the picture qualitiy and time between pictures. The picture quality on this camera is awesome and there is no hesitation between pictures. Most important, she loves it and thats saying a lot because she is a crazy when it comes to taking pictures. I thought the size would be a problem as she is a fast pace girl but she hasnt complained about that once. Im not a camera tech so thats all i can offer
0|84|5|Canon does it again.
I owned the T2i for about a year and used it to take pictures at concerts. It was a great camera. When I saw this camera, I got it thinking that it would be better. This camera exceeded my expectations. I have used both cameras at the same time to see the difference. This camera is SO MUCH BETTER. It adjusts to the lighting around me so much better than the t2i and the moving screen is perfect for taking video, since sometimes to get a great shot you need to put the camera in different positions. The microphone is amazing and HD video is spectacular.
It is a great camera for beginners since this camera explains what each mode setting does. This camera was worth every cent and more.
0|85|5|The Canon Rebel T3i is an amazing DSLR. It's features and specifications produce exceptional picture quality. This is a great product for anyone buying their first DSLR. It surpasses all of it's predecessors and is by far one of, if not, the best entry-level DSLR currently on the market. I have nothing but praise for this camera as it's features and specs are just amazing. Visit Canon's website for more detailed info on this DSLR here: http://usa.canon.com/cusa/consumer/products/cameras/slr_cameras/eos_rebel_t3i_18_55mm_is_ii_kit#Overview
0|86|5|We gave to our son and daughter-in-law for Christmas! They were thrilled.  It takes wonderful pictures and my son is having a ball trying all the stuff on it.  Really great!
0|87|5|I have had my camera for about a month now, I am very pleased with the product. Takes great photos, and amazing video. The lens that came with the camera is actually pretty good, its very wide, and is pretty decent on close ups. I plan on getting another lens for portraits.
The only real deal I have with the camera is the grain, and ISO for video, but with the proper video editing software, like Red Giant De-noiser it takes care of the problem.
0|88|5|Love, love, love this camera! I had been using/ borrowing my father in laws T2i for general use and weddings and I loved it. When we decided to purchase, we went with the T3i and couldn't be happier. The screen rotates around so it can be completely protected when not in use, and if you are taking pics at floor level or above your head, it can be moved to the perfect angle. Can't wait to use this screen for taking family photos with a tripod. It has a great feel, and compared to the T2i, the size/weight is not a problem. I've taken fabulous pictures and I'm very happy with it! I also like the accessories and little gadgets that you can also purchase!
0|95|5|I needed a camera to both take professional quality pictures and record at full HD 1080. I am a published author and am currently writing my next how-to book on balloon twisting. The publisher wants to do ebook versions with video embedded, so I needed to find a reasonably priced way to create both pictures and videos for the ebooks. So far any fault with the video and pictures has more to do with my knowledge (or lack thereof) of good studio lighting and proper lenses for proper settings. The camera itself works great. Both the video and pictures are sharp. I read reviews on the camera and so got an external microphone to plug into the camera rather than using the built in one. Also the veri-angle LCD screen is great for being able to frame myself in the shot before starting to record since I'm usually doing these pictures and videos alone. It is definitely a purchase I would make again (but I shouldn't need to for quite a while).
0|97|5|This camera is fantastic. Construction feels solid, grip feels nice. The kit 18-55 mm lens maybe isn't the best, but you can always buy the body by itself and get a nice prime lens. I'm a student filmmaker, and this camera works great. The swivel screen is great for when I have the camera up on my DIY jib and need to see what I'm looking at. HD video quality is fantastic, even in low light, and it'll only get better with a better lens. I had to film some interviews outside a club in low light, and even at ISO 1600 the noise wasn't distracting, and after a quick denoising pass it wasn't noticeable at all. The camera has an stereo audio input on the side if you don't have an external device to record audio to and, though the camera's weak pre-amp leads to noisier audio, it's definitely still usable. If you're a still photographer and don't need the swivel screen, get the T2i instead. But for filmmakers who want a great camera without have to sell their kidneys, the T3i is freaking sweet.
P.S: This camera works with both the CineStyle profile and the Magic Lantern firmware. So. Awesome.
0|98|5|I primarily use it for video, but I wanted to take pictures as well.
I love the dynamic range of light, takes great video in 1080p and 720p.  I wish that you could have more frame rate options in 720p and I also wish that ISOs above 400 were a little less noisy.
The kit lens is nice, but I recommend that you get a larger telephoto lens.  The default auto-focus doesn't work to great in the dark, but the quick auto-focus is nice since it shows you green boxes where it's focused.  It's nice that you can zoom in using the LCD screen so that you can ensure your focus is good, but unfortunately, this doesn't work while in video mode.
There's not fully-automatic auto-focus in video mode, but usually the cameras that do are too noisy.  You can change the settings so that half-way pressing the shutter button makes it refocus, but it does the slower method and changes the exposure while it focuses.
The battery lasts plenty long when doing photos, but video...not so much.  If you plan on doing a video shoot of any length, you'll need to purchase additional batteries.  I'd recommend getting a battery/power grip.  They have a cheap one on here that comes with 4 batteries and has a timer for doing delayed photos and time lapses that I'd recommend.
Also, for fun, install the Canon EOS Utility on a laptop.  You can use your laptop to take pictures, do time-lapses, change settings on the camera, and more.
Technicolor has a picture profile you can download called CineStyle, which is good for color grading your video in post.  Otherwise, I recommend the Faithful picture style that the camera comes with.
Check out LegendaryMedia and 8bitDigitalTV for pictures and videos using the T3i.
0|99|5|This camera is the simply the best!!!
The iAuto feature is also great for persons who do not have experience with the many features of such cameras.
I am simply amazed at the picture quality this produces! it is exactly as i am seeing the object or scene it takes an exact duplicate of it, awesome.
The speed of this camera is also unparalled, great for taking shots of my oh so active daughter, over all great camera
0|100|5|This camera is awesome!  I bought it as a christmas gift for my wife and I just received it a little while ago.  Of course I had to open it and make sure it was in working order.  In the few minutes I played with it I was able to take awesome, crystal clear, pictures of random objects around the room.  It is by far the best camera I have ever owned.  Easy to operate, great feel, professional quality pictures within minutes of opening the box.  Literally within 5 minutes of opening the box I was able to take professional quality pictures.  The auto focus works great.  My wife is going to take thousands of pictures of our toddler.  I can't wait to give it to her so I can play with it.  Also, Amazon was great to deal with, as usual.
0|102|4|It's a very good camera for its price.  Is very slight. the flip out display is nice and useful. Talking about video, the most of professionals I know, can't distinguish between the results of this camera and more professionals DSLR's like the 7D, 5D, and 60D...  Im really happy.
0|103|5|I'm a novice photographer.  I found this camera to be an easy one to get started with right off the bat.  I got a little confused with the directions for how to handle the menu settings at first and I still haven't figured out how to manage the flash (I've only been working with it for 10 days) but I was out shooting great pictures within two days. Clear and sharp on auto. Uploading them to the computer was a challenge.  I couldn't seem to find directions on how to do that.  I would have thought it would be an automatic plug in and something would show up on the screen deal.  Not so in my case.  The software is confusing but it looks like when I get used to it it will be really good.  It's hard to write a review on something when you've only had something like a camera for such a short time, but I bought it on the recommendation of my brother who has the T2i and I'm not sorry I did.  I really love it so far.
0|104|5|Where do i start off? As an amateur, I guess I'll let the video quality speak for itself here. Let me tell you this camera has taken over my summer. Every chance I get I use it, I do. It features a wide array capabilities fit for experienced and beginning photographers. Its abilities are limitless. You can check out some my youtube channel for more "oceansidecreations" and make sure to hit like.
Pros: Interchangeable lens, sensor and swivel screen
Cons: buttons, gripe, and low light.
Bottom line:
Love it, you'll get use to the buttons and small body. I got a tripod which made my life a lot easier. Another feature I love is the ability to edit video from your camera (trimming beginnings and endings). Editing is arguably the hardest part of filming. So the ability to trim down footage on the fly is beneficial. Also, The tilty swivel screen comes through all the time. As far as the 10x digital zoom goes, I can honestly say I hardly ever use it. If you have any other questions, please ask.
I was conflicted between getting this and the 60D. I love the body design on the 60D, but wasn't feeling the extra debt for the same sensor. If you are an amateur, just grab the T3i. If you are an experienced photographer and use your camera more readily. Than I'd go with the 60D. Just keep in mind its due for an upgrade. Either way I love my camera and I back it 100 percent.
0|105|5|Neither my family nor I are particularly adept at manual (some would say 'proper') photography.  I had received a Rebel film SLR years ago with the hope of taking it up as a hobby.  I can say, I've picked up photography as a hobby, but rather with a series of Canon digital point-n-shoots over the years.  The latest is an aging Ixus, the model number escapes me.  Yes, I'm rather fond of the Canon brand.  They have served me well shoved in countless pockets and packs throughout travels and tribulations.
I ordered this camera two days before my wedding, figuring that the shots would necessarily be better than my point-n-shoot.  Amazon's Sunday delivery was exemplary and of good value.  I remembered the pre-sets on my original Rebel that could give instant access to better pictures without needing to understand apertures, etc. - I realize that's probably nails on a chalk board to some.  What I didn't intend on, was being absolutely floored by the stunning quality of shots that myself and all other family members (of much less experience snapping pics than I) were able to get on the day of our wedding.
For those who are looking for an 'in' into the world of DSLR photography, this camera is easy to understand right out of the box.  And I promise to try to get f-stops, etc. to stick in my head this time for sure.  I can't wait to take this travelling!
0|107|5|The T3i is an excellent dSLR. I am a serious amateur photographer with a focus (pun intended) on fine art photography. The T3i, with it's articulated LCD is very flexible in allowing me to hold the camera at extreme angles to take shots that were either impossible or very difficult with my previous Canon dSLR. The image quality is impressive. I have had this camera for about since mid-June. I have shot probably about 3,000 photos with it thus far. I have tried the T3i's video capability only briefly, so do not take my rating of the its video capability with much credence, but I like what I saw. If anyone wants to see any photos I shot with the T3i, here are a few photos I shot at the Philadelphia Zoo, [...] for a sample of the photos I shot recently at the Philadelphia Zoo.
0|111|5|T3I
18.0 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) sensor and DIGIC 4 Image Processor for high image quality and speed.
ISO 100 - 6400 (expandable to 12800) for shooting from bright to dim light.
Improved EOS Full HD Movie mode with manual exposure control, expanded recording [1920 x 1080 Full HD video at frame rates of 30 (29.97), 24 (23.976) and 25.0 frames per second] with new Movie Digital zoom and Video Snapshot features for enhanced movie shooting options.
Vari-angle 3.0-inch Clear View LCD monitor (3:2) for shooting at high or low angles and 1,040,000-dot VGA with reflection reduction using multi coating and high-transparency materials for bright and clear viewing.
New Scene Intelligent Auto mode and Picture Style Auto incorporating the new EOS Scene Detection System to capture beautiful scenes with ease.
Express your creativity with advanced imaging features like Basic+ function, Multi-Aspect function and Creative Filters.
Enhanced metering with a 63-zone, Dual-layer metering system for accurate metering between exposures, and 9-point AF system utilizing a high precision, f/2.8 cross-type center point.
3.7 fps continuous shooting up to approximately 34 JPEGs or approximately 6 RAW.
New Feature Guide offers short descriptions of each function and Quick Control screen for easy operation.
Compatibility with SD/SDHC/SDXC memory cards.
Compatible with the full line of Canon EF and EF-S lenses.
The EOS Rebel T3i has an 18.0 Megapixel CMOS (Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor) sensor that captures images with exceptional clarity and tonal range and offers more than enough resolution for big enlargements or crops. This first-class sensor features many of the same new technologies as used by professional Canon cameras to maximize each pixel's light-gathering efficiency. Its APS-C size sensor creates an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format).
T2I vs T3I
18.0 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) sensor and DIGIC 4 Image Processor for high image quality and speed.
ISO 100-6400 (expandable to 12800) for shooting from bright to dim light.
Improved EOS Movie mode with manual exposure control, expanded recording, new Movie Crop recording in 640 x 480 and external microphone IN terminal for access to improved sound quality.
Enhanced iFCL 63-zone, Dual-layer metering system; and 9-point AF system utilizing a high-precision, f/2.8 cross-type center point.
Wide 3.0-inch (3:2 aspect ratio) Clear View LCD monitor (1.04 million dots) for improved viewing.
New Quick Control Screen button for easy access to frequently used settings.
Improved layout with dedicated Live View/Movie shooting button.
New compatibility with SDXC memory cards, plus new menu status indicator for Eye-Fi* support.
3.7 fps continuous shooting up to approximately 34 JPEGs or approximately 6 RAW.
Compatible with the full line of Canon EF and EF-S lenses.
The EOS Rebel T2i has an 18.0 Megapixel CMOS (complementary metal oxide semiconductor) sensor that captures images with exceptional clarity and tonal range and offers more than enough resolution for big enlargements or crops. This first-class sensor features many of the same new technologies as used by professional Canon cameras to maximize each pixel's light-gathering efficiency. Its APS-C size sensor creates an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format).
The 60 D vs the T3I and T2I
18.0 Megapixel CMOS sensor and DIGIC 4 Imaging Processor for high image quality and speed.
ISO 100 - 6400 (expandable to 12800) for shooting from bright to dim light.
Improved EOS HD Video mode with manual exposure control, expanded recording, Movie Crop recording in 640 x 480, sound recording level adjustment and an external microphone IN terminal for access to improved sound quality.
Vari-angle 3.0-inch Clear View LCD monitor for shooting at low angles and 1,040,000-dot VGA with reflection reduction using multi coating and high-transparency materials for bright and clear viewing.
5.3 fps continuous shooting up to approx. 58 Large/JPEGs and 16 RAW.
96% viewfinder coverage allowing you to see more of your image in the viewfinder.
Enhanced iFCL 63-zone, Dual-layer metering system; and 9-point AF system utilizing a high-precision, f/2.8 cross-type center point.
New convenient in-camera features allow you to convert RAW images into JPEGs and set the images to a 3:2 aspect ratio.
Compatibility with SD/SDHC/SDXC memory cards.
Compatible with the full line of Canon EF and EF-S lenses.
The EOS 60D features a new, Canon-designed 18.0 Megapixel APS-C size CMOS sensor that captures such a high level of resolution, it's easy to crop images for enlargement without concern of losing detail. A major factor in reducing noise, the CMOS sensor assures that images shot at highest sensitivity will be remarkably smooth.
Features worth noting
When you look at this class of DSLR, sophisticated entry level, there are a handful of impressive features that add value to this investment. In addition to a reliable picture taking machine, T3i owners can experiment with off-camera flash, record HD movies with great audio, and creatively play with their images while they're still in camera. Here are a few of those highlights.
Built-In Wireless Flash Control (new feature for Rebels) If you have an external Canon flash unit with wireless slave capability, such as the Speedlite 430EX II, you can fire it off-camera with the T3i. You don't need a separate wireless controller. Options include firing a single off-camera flash, balancing the off-camera flash with the built-in flash unit on the T3i, or operating multiple external flashes. The upshot is that with just one external flash and the T3i, you have a number of flexible lighting options. This is a powerful feature for a consumer camera, putting pro lighting techniques at your fingertips for an affordable price.
Vari Angle LCD (new feature for Rebels) The T3i's adjustable LCD is an excellent design for recording video. You flip open the LCD, then swing it out. You can angle up or down, or turn it completely around and fold it against the back of the camera. The resolution is terrific both for Live View capture and playback. When you're done, turn the screen around and secure it face-first against the back of the camera to protect it during transport. This encourages capture from a variety of angles helping you make more interesting movies while not straining your back and neck in the process.
Full HD Movie Recording with Controls On the T3i you can record 1920x1080 video at 24, 25, or 30 fps; plus 1280 x 720 video at 50 or 60 fps; or standard definition 640 x 480 video at 25 or 30 fps. Emerging filmmakers can opt for auto or manual exposure mode while shooting video, and even choose between auto and manual options for recording audio. The audio is further enhanced thanks to the built-in mini-stereo mic jack for an external microphone. There's even a built-in wind filter.
Video Snapshot Function This feature allows you to record a series of 2, 4, or 8 second video clips, then, without editing, the T3i combines them into one movie that can be saved to your Mac or played via the HDMI port that allows direct connectivity to an HDTV. Each Snapshot is saved to an album after you record it, and you have the opportunity to keep or discard the clip. Once you've captured the various sequences, go to playback mode and watch the fast-paced move you've just created. It's a cool feature that saves you a trip to the desktop movie editor. Once you're finished, disable the Video Snapshot mode to return to regular movie making.
Creative Filters After you've captured an image, you can continue to play with it via the Creative Filters mode in the playback menu. There are five to choose from: Grainy B/W, Soft Focus, Fish-Eye Effect, Toy Camera Effect, and Miniature Effect. Once you choose an effect, you can apply one of three different strengths. When you're finished, the T3i processes the image and saves it as a separate file on the memory card. The new Fish-Eye effect is a new addition to the Creative Filter line up, and one of the most interesting effects. Be careful, though, it can be addictive.
Setting Maximum Speed for Auto ISO Existing-light photographers will appreciate the ability to set the maximum speed for Auto ISO. Auto ISO, without a top limit setting, can sometimes result in noisy photographs. The T3i allows you to set the maximum ISO speed to a level you're comfortable with so you can use this feature with confidence.The available range is from 400 to 6400. If you're conservative about how high you want the ISO to go, then you can choose a setting such as 800 for the top end limit. But because this camera performs so well at higher ISOs, you can easily set the limit to ISO 1600 or 3200 and still get very good image quality. The choice is yours.
Star Ratings In Camera While viewing images in playback mode on the T3i, you can assign a star rating to it. These ratings are transferable to Aperture, Bridge, and Lightroom, but not iPhoto. So when you upload your images to your Mac, the star ratings are displayed to help you immediately identify your favorite shots.
Copyright Information Setting When you access the Copyright Information tab in the Menu, you can set the author's name and copyright details for every shot that is recorded with the camera.
Image quality
With either kit lens, the 18-55mm or the 18-135mm, the Canon T3i provides excellent image quality in terms of sharpness and detail. If you're tempted to upgrade to the 18-135mm kit lens for its extended zoom range (29-216mm in 35mm terms), then it's probably worth the bump in price. But in terms of image quality, the 18-55mm holds its own nicely against the upgraded zoom. So don't expect better pictures with the more expensive kit option. Base your decision on zooming range, not picture quality.
Even though either kit zoom isn't a particularly fast lens (maximum aperture ranges from f/3.5 to f/5.6 on both), the T3i is a reasonable low light performer because you can push the ISO to 1600, even 3200, and still get quality images.
In our lab tests, the T3i performed incredibly well in its test group, earning a word score of Superior in the Exposure, Color, Sharpness, and Distortion categories. Click on any of our lab's test images to view the original files.
Drawbacks
The limited amount of physical real estate on the T3i seems to have influenced the location of control buttons. The Menu and Info buttons are awkwardly placed in the upper left corner of the back of the camera. They're not nearly as easy to access there as, for example, the 60D's placement of them on the right side.
The T3i would also benefit from the addition of a dedicated movie record button. Currently, you have to rotate the Mode dial to movie mode, then you can initiate recording with the Live View button on the back of the camera. It would be nice to directly access movie recording for those spontaneous moments.
And finally, as with most Canon cameras, Auto White Balance produces excessively orange cast when shooting without a flash under tungsten lighting
I would recommend that to anyone looking to buy a DSLR and it's probably the best DSLR I know today
0|112|5|This camera was purchased for my son (20 years old) as a gift.  The images and video he is capturing are stunning.  He quickly learned how to operate the camera and has been able to show the rest of us enough for us to snap pictures of him when he wants to be part of the subject matter.  I would recommend this to anyone who is serious about photography or videography.  While there are Canon models which are even a notch above these, for most people, the T3i will be the perfect choice.
0|113|5|First off, I have been in the video production business for 30+ years and have used all sorts of DSL cameras for video and since video gives you 30 frames per second, I feel my knowledge of photography can match that of most pro still photographers therefore I feel confident when I say, this is the best camera for your dollar.  I recently went on a cruise to Alaska and found myself hiking up a mountain, sweating a lot with the camera around my neck I learned once I made it back to the bottom of the mountain, that the camera was acting up.. I guess some of that sweat ended up in the camera and basically it became a brick.  Once back on the ship, I tore it apart and over night it dried itself.. in the morning it was working completely fine and I have never again witnessed a problem.. learned my lesson however and have since placed a rain hood on it.
The tech on this thing is great, with the ability to not only shoot in RAW mode but RAW+ mode, giving you both types of files for each shot.. this is a great time-saving feature, not having to convert from RAW for those shots that do not require the major file size.
Leaving it in auto mode, even a child can use it since it is completely auto. My friend who has never used an SLR before bought the T2i at Costco before the cruise so I was teaching her the basics and she caught on pretty quick.  She had troubles with one of her lens when she gave the camera to me to take her picture, I thought it was a hair on the gate but it turned out to be part of the autofocus gear as the autofocus would not function without a small nudge. Upon returning to Seattle she returned it to Costco for a full exchange as they didn't have any in stock, she ended up buying a new one when in Texas and even saved a little on the tax. That being said, and the fact that hers was the T2i and this review is about the T3i.. the only real difference was the retractable viewfinder which is a must for me, that and the video mode offers a few more enhancements but I don't believe anyone should be buying a DSLR for the sole purposes of shooting video but that being said, you most certainly can use it, especially with all the available remote adapters (ie: focus puller, cables)
The battery life is very good. I purchased two additional batteries knowing full well what it is like in the field when you are running low on juice.
0|114|5|I've always considered myself a "Good Amature" photographer. I bought a used Canon EX back in the 70' when my first son was born. Over the years I must have taken a million pictures with that guy. As time went by and digital technology got better I bought a Sony Cyber-shot 3.3 maga pixels. It has a fairly large Carl Zeiss Lens and took beautiful pictures but was slow. When my youngest son started playing basketball I needed something faster I went back to my Canon 35mm camera and got good shots but the digital age has spoiled me and I hated having to wait for prints to be developed. I went ahead and bought a Sony Digial Handycam and took movies of his whole high school basketball and football career. Fast foward to 2011. I decided that I needed an SLR camera again. I was missing too much with the point and shoot camera that I had. It was good for shooting outdoors but in low light situations it did poorly. I started shopping around for SLRs. After reading a lot of reviews and it came down to a Canon or a Nikon. I went with the Canon because I had history with Canon and felt comfortable with it. I bought it from Amazon, they had a summer deal going on and I got the long lens added to the package for $30 bucks. Out of the box this guy is fantastic, it takes beautiful low and very low light pictures. Everything I have shot with this camera has come out sharp and crisp. I bought a DVD telling how to get more out of this camera and am amazed with it's capabilieies. I'm trying to learn how to do everything that is possible with this camera but that'll take a while. I'm also finding that many of the quality accessories for SLRs are very resonably priced. Bottom Line; Everytime I pick this guy up, I feel like I'm shaking hands with an old friend.
0|115|5|I have had my Rebel Ti3 camera and kit lens for about 3 weeks. I purchased an extra battery, remote and Tamron 70-300 lens, digital card, and two polarizing filters for the two lenses. Everything came promptly and in great working order. My wife and I had just finished re-landscaping our backyard with waterfalls, ponds, many varieties of flowers and flowering shrubs, and then invited our children and grand children for the 4th of July celebration. I expected the Ti3 to be amazing and it is. I made quite a jump from the fixed lens Canon Powershot professional 8 mgp. It was like entering a whole new world of photography! My experience with the extra f-stops, ISOs, lens stabilization felt like being let out of jail! The photos came out of camera requiring minimal tweaking in Photoshop; a real time-saver! I was very pleased with how well the built-in flash worked (the one that came with the PS Pro was feeble at best). I have a Canon 430 Speedlight and never needed it once, but as I begin to take more time with flowers and other macros, I look forward to using the Speedlight as a wireless flash. The most pleasant surprise, though, was the performance the Tamron zoom lens. WOW! Sharp at all focal lengths. I opted for this lens over the newer Tamron 18-270, which is considerably more compact, but the reviews showed significant compromise in sharpness as it zooms out. Although the 70-300 is BIG, it isn't too big, and it makes great photos! This was my retirement gift to myself. While I retired in January, I took my time on this purchase and glad I did.
Look, this was a great shopping experience from top to bottom. The Amazon website handled half the order directly but coordinated perfectly with the other three purveyors. Everything shipped and delivered on schedule. AND, I used $200 worth of points from my Amazon/Chase credit card against the purchase. It felt like family!
0|116|5|<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->
<!--

function cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->
http://www.amazon.com/review/R3Q0GD7HKQS936
<!--
function cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRrefresh_preplay();

-->
http://www.amazon.com/review/R3Q0GD7HKQS936
// <![CDATA[

var cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso;	   


function cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.write("cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo12FP77FNBABNR', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo12FP77FNBABNR';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo12FP77FNBABNR', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo12FP77FNBABNR";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m2X62FFJZ5RAAT";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m2X62FFJZ5RAAT";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R3Q0GD7HKQS936";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m2X62FFJZ5RAAT/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
<!--

function cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo12FP77FNBABNR', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRso.write("cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRflashcontent");
}

-->
var cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81lD8yZNfwS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay) {
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81lD8yZNfwS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81lD8yZNfwS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  var node = cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&s=CustomerVideoPlay&p=CustomerImage";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo12FP77FNBABNRcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}
Length:: 4:09 Mins
I love this camera!  This is my first DSLR (I upgraded from the Canon Powershot ELPH 300 HS, which was a point-and-shoot), I got it a few days ago, and I have had it with me 24/7 unless the battery was charging.
This video mainly talks about the buttons and what they do, but I'll give some pros and cons of the Canon Rebel T3i, and the 18-55mm lens I purchased with it.
PROS:
Flip screen (allows you to take pictures, and see them as you take them, from just about every angle!)
Lots of modes on the mode dial, including Scene Intelligent Auto (I've mainly used the manual modes)
IS lens (Image Stabilizer)
Live view
Microphone jack
Everything!  (This is my first DSLR and I can't really compare it to others, but I'm satisfied and love it!)
CONS:
Big and bulky, as are all DSLRs
Built in flash isn't amazing (I recommend getting an external flash, although I don't have one)
Microphone isn't amazing (unless you're doing an interview or need a great microphone, just stick with the internal one)
RECOMMENDED ITEMS TO BUY WITH CAMERA OR AFTER PURCHASE:
Tripod (big and small)
Extra battery (It has a long life, and will last for about a day on a full charge.  But I highly recommend getting another one)
Macro reverse ring (allows you to reverse your lens and mount it on your camera for close-up macro shots)
Relatively large card (I use SD cards and have a 16 GB card.  I will be buying a new one soon because shooting video takes up a lot of space)
Camera bag (as you start to get into photography, or just use your camera more, you'll eventually end up with a lot of accessories for your camera.  This is a good way to carry those around)
Note: sorry for the poor quality of the video, the maximum amount of file size I can upload is 100MB.
0|119|5|I am a Noob in photography, only been taking pictures for last 3 years.  But this camera serves me well.
The only thing I don't like about the XTi, XSi, T1i, T2i, T3i is the body is too small to get a good grip, mind you have small asian hand.  So I bought a battery grip, hope that will help.  For other things, it scores perfect in every criteria.
0|120|4|I bought this camera about six months ago and I love it. Take the cons with a grain of salt considering this camera's price
Pros:
-Articulating screen makes shooting at odd angles easier
- Relatively inexpensive price for a good selection of features
-Video quality is great (if you really want good video go with the T4I instead)
-Good button layout
Cons:
-This camera isn't meant for fast-moving subjects because it shoots a low amount of frames per second.
-Picture starts to get grainy around ISO 800, noticeably grainy at 1600 and unusable above that amount even with heavy editing.
-No audio jack, which makes it hard to monitor audio levels without external equipment. Very few cameras have an audio jack and are high-end models.
Overall, this is an excellent camera and is a good first DSLR. I plan to upgrade to a 7D or 5D mark iii once I have the money.
0|121|4|NOT bad...My first dslr and have owned it for about 6 months now. the good....long battery life, pictures look great but don't do what i did ,buy a bunch of used cheap canon or tamron lenses from eBay.invest in a good lens. the saying is true your camera is only as good as your lens I will go as far to say that the t3i takes as good if not better the my 5d mark 2.yeah i said it.the video component is awesome, many options to choose from add MJ and add even more options ,a good camera stabilizer is a must when shooting video unless you like the shaky camera look.the things I don't like ...the camera feels cheap in hand its light and small..you may like this I don't .if you want something with some more heft go with the 60d
if i had a do over that's the camera i would go with.....that's it .
0|123|5|The reason I decided on the T3i was because of the reviews.  I was not disappointed and thought to write one myself.  I needed a camera for a medical trip I was taking to Port-au-Prince Haiti. I had some narratives that I wanted to capture while working there and knew that a good camera was needed.
The purchase was my first quality DSLR camera. As a psychologist I am often amused by the mental/emotional attachment we give to things like tools, PC, and cars...  I feel like I need this dang thing with me all the time, it holds a high level of mental attachment for me.
As a first time DSLR user my learning curve was about 3-7 days for functions and creative quality shots. (But that was just to get walking and functioning, I continue to read and learn.) The auto modes of course require very little learning curve travel.
On my PC when I zoom in on some of the shots I took I am amazed at the depth and resolution. One landscape picture easily becomes 100s with the right software.  One shot I took over some of the Haitian rubble was of a group of teens shouting and waving at me. They were a bit less than ¼ mile away. I waved back. When I blew the shot up, whoops. One of the boys was giving me a particular hand gesture common to most NJ drivers.
Today I am off to buy my 11 year old son his own good camera, not a T3i. He has taken some excellent shots with the T3i and has begun to own my camera.
Final thoughts:  Canon "L" series optics/lenses make this great camera, exceptional!
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00009R6WT
Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L USM Standard Zoom Lens for Canon SLR Cameras
0|126|5|This is my first DSLR and I love it! Everything is just fantastic. The only two things I dislike is that you need a remote shutter in order to use the "Bulb" mode, and the kit lens is just ok. But besides that, Its 100% greatness!
0|127|5|We've really enjoyed the t3i.  It's perfect for the consumer that wants exceptional photos.  We wanted something that an excellent auto mode for quick shots of our children and this camera does a great job.  If we want to take the time and dial in a manual setting it's easy to do as well.  The one draw back is no continual auto focus in movie mode.  If a subject is moving in and out of the foreground this may not be the right tool for the job.
0|128|5|this a great dslr for me.. my sister has a canon t2i w/ the same resolution of 18MP.. but as my friends, and other says compared to t2i this is way much better. the resolution is clear and crisp it exctly captures the real color and moments as if you seen it as it exactly happens right before your own eyes.. plus it easy to use bec. of the text help on screen when you changes the focus and type of shots you wanted im not a prof. photographer im just a traveler who loves to take pics anywhere i go. plus the swivel screen is very nice addition to it too. when your not using it you can turn it the other way around & it wont get any scrathches. also its very easy to understand for a person who only knows how to use a digicam. without even reading the manual you can easily grasp its use and functions. for me its the best dslr in its aspects of the shots resolution and its mobility not to heavy or bulky to bring for a frequent traveler who loves to capture every moments.
0|133|4|Great for the beginner like my wife who sets it on full auto and takes great pictures of our gymnast and great for the intermediate like me who prefers many of the great manual functions for added effects and picture quality.
0|136|5|I was going to purchase this camera on base due to no taxes.  However, the price that Amazon has is $100 cheaper than on base.  The camera is awesome and takes great pictures.  I haven't got to use the video function too much yet but can't wait to start using it. :)
0|139|5|Overall this is an outstanding DSLR camera.  I had compared this to the Nikon D5100 and am really glad this one won out.  Even with the kit lens the picture quality is outstanding, and the menu functions are very easy to use.  The menu/navigation on the Canon is far easier to use than is the Nikon, and I found the picture quality to be superior on the Canon as well.
This camera was my first jump from the mirrorless to the DSLR world and I am definately not disappointed.  The kit lens is good (I got the 18-55mm), although I have been lens shopping and the kit lens is just part of my case now.  However, it still gets used almost as frequently as any other.
The IS system is great, and eliminates a need for a tripod for mid shutter speeds.  I have some steady hands so I can go lower than most, but friends have used the camera and gotten some really sharp shots at slow speeds that would be impossible with older cameras.
Overall an outstanding buy and a camera that will, thanks to the EOS lens system, grow with you.  I am not noticing any differences between my pictures and those taken with the 'mid-level' cameras that are twice the price.  Buy and you won't be disappointed.
0|140|5|CANON REBEL T3i is amazing, its pictures are great and seems to be taken by professionals even if you are a normal user. Auto focus and image stabilizer makes the shooting easier. It has many modes and built in filters. I highly recommend this camera.
0|141|5|I purchased this product for my wife.  She has purchased other models of the same mark, but this one takes the prize.  Great camera!!!
0|147|5|This is my first DSLR; still playing with all it's modes.
I find the time between pictures to be very short unlike my previous point and shoot. Would have loved if the package contained an SD card though.
Yet to find issues if any with it.
0|149|5|This is my first digital slr camera and must say it is amazing right out of the box. I found the camera easy to operate, well the basics, without reading the manual. The clarity of the pictures are superb. There is one little thing that I would have to say needs improvement and that would be the flash. After a few pictures using the flash, the flash would take a few seconds, maybe a minute to reload. The camera will show you that the flash is busy. But besides that, everything is exceeds my expectations. It's a great camera especially for the price. Oh, by the way, the video is excellent. It's very easy to switch between camera and video mode. LOVE IT!!!
0|150|5|I consider my self a techie, but have not ventured into the world of DSLR's until recently when I purchased the Canon T3i.  The camera is easy to use straight out of the box, or you can spend days learning all of the options and abilities of this camera.  It takes decent video, but it takes some time to get use to the clunky video controls.  The different scene options help for us who are just starting out, and the automatic setting is great for those who don't want to learn about the camera's manual side.  Overall great first DSLR.  I got it with the 18-55mm kit lens, but would definitely recommend spending the extra money and getting the 18-135mm lens.  I can see now the great flexibility that a lens with that range would give.
0|152|5|Canon has once again answered the call. This camera has everything you need for most still shooting, and full HD video, at a very affordable price! Like many of the reviewers before me, the kit lens leaves a bit to be desired. It looks good, reacts well, great glass,...but is built cheaper and lighter than the standard lens lineup and feels a bit "break easy" for use every day. At this pricepoint, however,(I got mine during cyber week) there is flexibility to invest in a better lens. And with casual use the kit lens should last a good while. I'll update if I'm wrong about that!!
The vari-angle monitor is very handy and has a crystal clear screen. If your used to Canon this is will familiar ground for you as most controls, and shooting modes, are right where they are supposed to be. Good, fast, AF. Live view. 18mp! In my opinion, definitely the biggest bang for buck out there right now!!!
I would suggest reading the hands-on reviews. You'll be impressed.
0|153|5|The other reviews speak for themselves.......Great Starter DSLR Camera and could have paid over $200 more for the exact same thing at Bust Buy.
0|154|5|The camera is fantastic. It is everything that was expected and more. If you're looking for some good shootin' then I say take the dive into this wonderland. Pics were taken that were unexptected to be so well done. One caveat, my hands are a little big for the frame.. still five stars, though.
0|155|5|I bought this camera when it was $850 and I think it's a steal now with this new price. So the camera has 80% of the things that its bigger brothers have: a gorgeous LCD screen, same processor as other crop sensor cameras, 1080p video recording, wirelessly controlling flashes. It's also lightweight and compact. The kit lens is great, too. Of course you can't compare it to an L-lens, but I think for just $110, it has an unbeatable value/price. I'm now thinking to upgrade to 5d Mark III once it's available and this was my first DSLR, but I can honestly say that it served me very well while I was an amateur. For those of you who are interested in the camera, I strongly recommend buying the 430 Ex II flash as well.
Pros:
Price
1080p video
Compact and lightweight
Great lens for price
Cons:
Focus points are not as good as the expensive models(which is justified by the price)
ISO is usable only until 800
0|157|5|Very intuitive and produces stunning images. The only gripe I have is the video functionality. There is no autofocus on video which is a big hole in its capability
0|159|5|I purchased this camera a couple of weeks ago and let me tell you.  This camera is awesome!
It's made me really excited about those upcoming vacations :)
UPDATE:  It's now been a couple months since I've had this camera and I'm still loving it!
I have been experimenting with it and purchased several different lenses (sigma 18-250, Canon 60mm macro, canon 50mm f1.8.)  I recently took some beautiful sunset pictures which i added to the product images.
I hope you will enjoy this camera as much as I am.
0|160|5|This is my first dslr after using lots of different point & shoot from canon
&
nikons. I am very much happy with how much I can control different aspects of the photo. Well I am still learning so can't say much about anything else. I have small hands and this fits perfectly into it.
0|161|5|I stepped up to this DSLR to gain high resolution and greater flexibility in photos.  I still have much to learn but so far it is really easy to take great high resolution photos on the basic automatic setting that are available.
0|162|5|I've had the camera for approximately 1 month and its great thus far. Pictures are absolutely fantastic and it takes pictures fast. I have a 20 month old and there are moments when I want to capture it but with point and shoot cameras it was a hassle. By the time it starts up the moment is gone. With the T3i I flick the switch to on push the button and snap the picture is taken. I am still learning all the features of the camera so if you are new to the SLR game, as I am, there will be plenty to keep you busy. I have shot a few quick movies with it and the playback is great as well as the quality of the HD recording.
If you are looking for a huge step above a point and shoot digital camera then this is your camera. Its more bulky when compared to a point and shoot but for the quality of pictures it takes its well worth the added weight.
0|168|5|Wonderful camera. First srl I bought. New to photography and surprised how great pictures look with little experience already. easy to use.
0|170|5|I'm very new to DSLR and to shooting with anything but auto mode. At first I decided on the Nikon 5100 because I've always like my coolpix, my relatives own Nikon DSLRs (higher end),  and the wonderful reviews online. I ended up returning that one because the LCD goes black when turning it 180 deg. after only a  week of shooting and felt discouraged after reading about Nikon customer service rating online. My friend suggested Canon "easier to learn if you are new to DSLR" she said.
Somehow, after playing with the controls and reading the manual that came with this camera, it made me realized why and how people would use manual, Av, Tv, P mode. (I thought it would be too to complicated and cumbersome to do when I had the Nikon). This camera is very intuitive, you can change desired settings without taking your eyes off your subject. I think it will be easy to always remember how to change the main settings.
Now I am excited about learning composition,exposure, etc  and improve my picture taking skills.
Btw, had a chance to compare the portrait of my daughter I took with the d5100 (P mode) vs the t3i, this kit lens (18-55) seem to be very sharp, with accurate skin tone. I got worried at first because I think I prefer a softer look of skin tone, like her skin with the d5100 ( like it was airbrush, although it seems to have more red tones from d5100, not sure if I like that).  Luckily ,there is a setting I can adjust for a softer look in different degrees on this camera. THIS definitely is a keeper.
0|171|4|This is a great all-round camera. I particularly bought it for DSLR movies. With it's Hi-definition options, it takes great quality movies, and while it is an entry level camera, I see the results quite impressive and in several setups will give you undistinguished results when compared to the 5d markII. Improvement in low light situations would help in the next model, but it is something you can easily work around. All in all, great value for money.
0|172|5|i wanted to get a dslr just for general picture taking (family, pets, my shoe collection, etc..) i was thorn between the canon t3i and nikon d5100.. after doing research and reading hundreds of reviews, i went with the canon t3i.. when i first got it, i was really intimidated with all the buttons.. so right now i'm mostly shooting at auto while learning how to manually operate it.. it's smaller and lighter than i expected.. i use the tilt swivel lcd screen a lot, it's really useful when taking pictures at an angle.. i know i still have a lot to learn but so far i'm loving this camera!!
i can't review the video because i still don't know how to do it!!
PROS:
high quality pictures.. the difference between a point and shoot and this camera is very obvious when it comes to quality!!
good grip!!
swivelling lcd screen!!
creative filters!! i love the miniature effect!!
great for all around photography!!
makes you look like a pro when you walk around with it!!
user friendly!!
CONS:
the price!! i bought the lens kit for 795.. OUCH!! but i don't regret it!!
battery life!! battery life is not really that bad, but you might wanna buy an extra battery if you're gonna shoot all day!!
0|173|5|Image Quality:
Canon lens, Canon Camera, Canon Quality... what else is there to say?
Video Quality:
Face it... if all you want to do is create HD video with studio results, you'll be better off with a Canon XH-A1 (or equivalent) as a minimum. But as far as >$1,000 HD cameras go, this is about as good as I've seen for an SD-Card video camcorder. The real bonus is that the recordings have a film look to them compared to the common flat "video look".
There are multiple video formats and if you film at the 60 FPS video setting, you can actually produce some cool slow motion effects with a video editing program.
Ease of Use:
Pros will probably scoff at the large amount of newb presets, but at least everything can be controlled manually. newcomers and hobbiests like myself will like the time-saving presets. Do yourself a favor and read the manual front to back while the battery charges.
Low light pictures:
Images look great in high, mid, low, and really low light conditions.
My only gripe...
The Video mode turns off the viewfinder (since light needs to continuously hit the sensor), and the LCD is hard to see in bright daylight, so focusing can be a chore. But this is only a minor gripe.
All in all, this is a GREAT camera for the beginner and hobbiest. It's also a very good back up camera for the professional. This is an easy choice to help you transistion from 'snapshot' cameras to professional gear and I've found the video capabilities to be remarkable for a an SD-Card format camcorder.
This is a great camera for vacation pics and home movies and all at a great price!
UPDATED: (1 Nov, 2011) I need to contradict my earlier review on the video results. This is an incredible camera for capturing 1080P HD video! I have an XH-A1 and after months of shooting video for my company, the T3i consistently outperformed the A1 in video image quality. Better resolution and richer (more accurate) color. Granted the audio isn't on the same level as the A1, but with an external mic, it's records a very clear single channel.
0|175|5|I have had the opportunity to use this camera in low light, bright light and action. It outperforms any other camera I have ever owned and I have a professional Canon D10 that will sit on the shelf from now on. I am extraordinarily happy with the product and the service in getting the camera to me. It arrived quickly and I was able to use it right away.
0|177|1|Great camera that gives the 7d a run for its money. It's not a sealed body like the 7d, but if you care for it as you should anyway, that shouldn't be an issue. The only problem, which for us is HUGE, is that it will drain batteries within a few days when sitting OFF in a camera bag or on the shelf. It seems to use a huge amount of power when off. Called Canon and they said, "yes, they can do that," like, "so? did you have any other stupid questions?" Our 7D and even the 60D never did that. The two Elph 300 camera's we use for quick shots of sets and what not will last MONTHS on a battery just sitting in an un-used state in the camera. This T3i will drain batteries if they are left in a camera body whether or not it's on, so we have to store batteries outside the camera. Which means it's no good for news or run and gun stuff. We're selling it and going to something else since we can't have a camera that drains a brand-new, fully charged Canon battery in three days while sitting on the shelf or that we have to find the battery to install it to take a quick shot.
0|178|3|This is a great camera for taking pictures.  However, if you are going to be taking video with it, be aware that one huge defect is that it does not have autofocus.  In other words, while you are taking video, you need to manually focus with the lens and this is bothersome.  Most point and shoot cameras have autofocus, so since this was my first SLR, I was disappointed to see the lack of this useful feature.
I can not say anything negative of the still pictures this camera takes.  They are great!  But be aware of this deficiency in the video.
0|179|5|I love Canon! I have had a few cameras before this one including a few 14 megapixel cameras and this by far blew them out of the water. The clarity and the range that this camera gave me was like no other camera that I have had before. There are a few reasons that I would equate this camera with the best on the market but I cannot say it in only one sentence so here it goes; the good first, then the bad.
PROS:
First of all the QUALITY that you get for your money when it comes to Canon products is by far the best deal that you will get when it comes to excellent camera equipment. I bought an SLR from Nikon a few year back thinking that the saving would come in handy. However I did not expect the camera to have so many problems! Automatic focus would never work correctly, the white balance was always atrocious even after I would fix it continuously. It just seems like anything that could go wrong went wrong with that camera. That is why now I SWEAR BY THE SUPERIOR QUALITY OF CANON. The last 3 cameras I have owned have been Canon and I will
never go back.
Enough with Canon, now this specific camera. The 18.0 MP CMOS sensor was definitely a step up for me. You could see the difference in high-fidelity when it came to the HD images. I was blown away by the processor speed as well. You rarely had to wait more than a few seconds in between shots and the DIGIC lived up to its hype among enthusiasts.
The ISO which is denoting the realized speed was AWESOME. Not only was it versatile but the bright to dim modifications that you could change in the setting really set this camera apart in my opinion
.
This thing is FAST! I love it when electronic equipment can work at the same pace as my brain does, when I am taking pictures the last thing I want to think about is waiting on the camera to finish loading. Not with this. Canon got this right, this could also have a lot to do with the new innovative processor.
I had been looking to invest in a camera for a long time. I love taking my camera out at the most inopportune moments and taking pictures of things that no one else would see the art behind. I was really inspired by my sister's camera choice a year back. She chose the Canon EOS but it was a different model then the one here.
Another thing that I loved about this camera was the SCREEN SIZE! I love a big screen when I take pictures, it helps me put a scene or object into perspective better in my mind. Don't ask me why or how, it just does. By being able to see the picture that I took on such a large screen, I also can see what I need to improve in the picture and what I need to keep the same.
Also, keeping with the screen, the menu options were so simple! I am a guy so the last thing I want to do is open up a manual but this thing to into account people of all skill levels!
Speaking of pictures! THIS CAMERA TAKES EXTRAORDINARY PICTURES! Was cap locks necessary? Yes it was. Obviously your thinking, umm, yes of course this camera would take good pictures with the price your paying for it. But as I have looked around online this price point isn't too bad in relation to some other sites online.
STARTLING VIDEO QUALITY! Ok I love to talk about this feature of the camera because I love the video camera on this camera. First off, a few weeks back there was an interview with the Japanese CEO of Canon asking him why Canon was seemingly breaking into the video industry when they were already the front-runner in quality when it came to still photography. He said that Canon would like to experiment with adding their quality into the video sector of the industry. Now if I was Sony I would be scrambling to get my cards together because if Canon starts breaking into the video industry you can guarantee that Sony is going to lose a lot of capital with their main competitor increasing their inventory capabilities. When asked if Canon would ever give up its still camera quality to pursue video the CEO said without hesitation that there is no way that Canon would ever stop innovating and improving their cameras. That is there roots and what has made them great and they will never give that up. This is good news for all you purists out there that just want to take beautiful pictures and leave the video to Hollywood and family time.
CONS:
DSLR's are BIG! Yes, I know, you didn't see that coming did you? Well, it's true and it definitely rears its head when you are at a amusement park or on a long trip and you have to haul your camera around everywhere with you. This isn't such a bad thing when you're going somewhere, like a wedding, to specifically take pictures but it can be definitely a hindrance when you're trying to move fast. If this doesn't bother you then more power to you, it bothers me. However, I knew how big this camera was when I got it and I still got it because the PROS DEFINITELY OUTWAY THE CONS IN MY OPINION. Also, if you have children around then I say BE CAREFUL. My kids almost broke this camera a few times which would have been a horrible thing.  Just make sure if you're going to buy this camera that it fits your lifestyle or you can conform that to fit your camera.
The battery life is pretty short on this. I love to take a lot of pictures, upload them online and then edit them or delete depending on how good they are. This battery life was a little hard to do that with because you need to prioritize which pictures you want uploaded before the battery shuts off. This may seem like a pretty bad thing to some but once you have a routine down, like I do now, then it generally gets easier to gauge how much battery life you need to do certain things.
These two things are probably the biggest things that I would criticize about this camera. This camera is as close to perfect as its going to get, on a budget, in my opinion.
Summary:
Life is about give and take and I believe this camera takes the least for your money.  I would love to tell you about every single little detail that I love or hate about this camera but I have told you the most important things in my opinion. Feel free to critique anything I said if you don't agree or post questions in the reply if you want more information, I would love to tell you. I have had this for about 4 months now and I will never go back to a point and shoot, this camera is the real deal and I give it a 5 starts easily.
Happy buying!!
0|180|5|I have waited years to get a Digital SLR camera and after tons of research I chose the Canon T3i. My cousin and my buddy took pictures at my Maui Wedding...they both had the Ti & the T2i. The pictures turned out Awesome (it was Maui) you know. They loved their cameras, and I had to get one. I looked all over the internet for months. I finally pulled the trigger from Amazon, and I am very pleased. Great service from Shutterbug, and it arrived regular mail (free shipping) plus no tax! This is simply the best deal out there. I love this camera! Can't believe I waited this long.I have taken about 200 awesome pictures (well a few needed some work due to user error) but it am totally impressed so far. More to follow as soon as I can update you.
0|181|5|I'm not going to write a long winded review, all I will say is that this camera exceeded my expectations. I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
0|182|3|I was very much looking forward for this camera for my Video recordings along with photos. Unfortunately, not sure why this camera has lot of hiss in it even with a best quality external mic and it seems there is no fix for it. I would not recommend for videos where audio quality is of most prime importance
0|184|5|The Canon Rebel T3i is the perfect camera for nature and landscape shots where you might hesitate to bring your expensive studio camera. It's perfect for vacations as well. Canon typically performs well, provides superb lenses, durability and great customer service. These are some of the reasons I stay with Canon. Amazon direct is fast and reliable with no surprises.
0|186|4|Excellent for picture , however for video shoot you need to have a superior class memory card. Video will keep shutting down automatically aft 10 sec for need of better memory card.
0|187|5|This camera its awesome, great quality picture and great quality materials, it has great price and lovely design i love this camera i used all the time
0|188|5|All I expected it to be. I am a beginner and it is ready to shoot beautiful pictures right out of the box.
0|189|5|I bought it for a month, it works very well and i love it very much. I want to tell other person to buy this product.
0|191|5|The interface of this camera is much clearer than the 60D. Even though it can still be improved.
I don't like the Lock button on the 60D that you have to press down before you can change mode (from Tv to Av for example).
Image quality is practically the same between the 2 cameras. This is the key consideration for me.
0|192|5|http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004J3V90Y
Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens
I purchased this camera for a upgrade for my Canon EOS Rebel T1i. I am amazed at the picture quality and ease of use. However, for a first time EOS user there will be a learning curve. The included Canon software is fantastic and one does not need to purchase any from another company. Although the kit lens, 18-55mm is adequate, better results will be obtained from optional Canon lenses.
I also highly recommend the optional Canon Battery Grip BG-E8. When attached to the bottom of the camera it makes the camera more stable to hold and when two batteries are used, one does not have to worry about running out of battery power during extended shoots.
A beginner can leave the camera set on "automatic" and let the camera do all the work, however an advanced photographer can use other settings and control the results more to their liking. Although I take mostly still photos, I am impressed with the video results. I would highly recommend this camera to anyone who is seriously interested in digital photography.
However, I would give Amazon shipping very low marks for shipping an expensive camera to me without a signature required upon delivery! The camera was left at my front door in the Florida heat for anyone to steal!
0|194|5|From the few days I've owned this camera, I can tell you I'm very happy with it. My wife and I wanted to start learning advanced photography and move-up from our point-and-shoot Canon Digital Elph 8900.
First we were thinking Nikon, but I can safely say after experimenting with most Nikons that you wouldn't understand half of what the camera can do.
Then the salesperson showed us this camera, the T3i. I loved the built in 1080 video, adjustable screen, and most importantly, the fact that Canon has made it extremely easy to use.
Each mode has a 1-2 sentence explanation on the screen telling you when you'd want to use that mode. What I also like is that it's not too basic; meaning, you won't outgrow it right away.
Granted I've only owned mine for a few days, . . . so far, I can say that you should absolutely strongly consider this model if you're in the same position that my wife & I have found ourselves in.
0|195|3|The 600D / T3i is a excellent camera from canon, read below the good and bad things about T3i
*********The Good********
No noise at base ISO / Usable Images up to ISO 3200
vari-angle High res-display
Full HD at selectable frame rates and HD movie @ 60FPS
Kit Lens image quality is also improved compared to canon old non-IS kit lenses
********The Bad**********
Camera struggle to do AF when live view is on,
I always use viewfinder for shooting my images and live view display is useless to me due to the AF issue
No AF during movie mode
lot of hot / stuck pixel issue with my 600D/T3i
0|196|5|I remember the day I bought this awesome machine. I ripped open the packaging and could smell it as I fondled the black body, firm and right for the job. My T3i had arrived and so had I. I was ready to shoot the world!
I'm a newbie but I know quality when I feel it, this was one quality beast I was going to tame, nothing was going to stop me before I captured a slithering series of perfect pictures to show off to ME, MYSELF and I! It's mine, my very own and I'm so excited- I can do what I want with this beauty.
Stylish, solid and secretive, it holds a presence of its own. Absolutely festooned with features and benefits, my T3i helps me find my way intuitively across the wasteland of photography. All other machines lie in the dust as if to beg for just a glance from me, the master handler, the crowd controller and magician of our time. I have the world at my feet now that my 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR is tethered to my neck. I look down on anything else that can't compete- everything in the world shouting from the shelves to be considered. But no, there's nothing out there to compare with my beautiful girl, she's mine and I'm in love with her!
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004J3V90Y
Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens
0|197|5|I'd consider myself to be an experienced amateur photographer, having for years shot with SLRs and medium format cameras, but this is my first digital SLR.
I've been very pleased with the images and settings available on the T3i. I've been able to get great images shooting in aperture priority mode...and the learning curve was pretty short given my previous experience with both Canon SLRs and high-end digital point and shoots. The T3i has a nice grip, good battery life (but be sure to get yourself a couple extras anyway) and the flip out screen is great when you're shooting product photos on a low tripod, which I do a lot of.
My only complaint is relatively slow auto-focusing in live view mode, but it's a minor annoyance.
0|198|5|This SLR is everything the beginning or experienced camera buff could want.  My husband is thoroughly enjoying his gift.
0|199|5|I feel I should state that I have been a point and shoot user my whole life, aside from a foray in photo club in high school. That said, I always had higher end point and shoots, and frequently put them in manual mode and such. As such, I am not comparing against competing models or lenses, just on what I see after upgrading from a point and shoot. Anyway...
I have had this camera for about a week now and have taken a few thousand shots. I am absolutely blown away by the quality. After using the T3i, I feel like I have never actually owned a camera- all my previous cameras seem like useless toys. The control and ability that this camera gives you allow you to really take your pictures to the next level. I took outdoor action shots of my dog that I wouldn't even have attempted in the past. The colors that popped in my outdoor shots really captured my neighborhood in spring bloom. One somewhat unpleasant surprise is just how much detail was picked up- skin blemishes and dust in my house were all very visible! This camera will allow you to capture moments that you can frame on your wall forever, as opposed to the typical posed portraits that you are generally limted by with point and shoots.
I upgraded to the 18-135mm lens, and it takes great shots and never requires you to dance around getting closer to a subject. The lens feels solid, and is not excessively large. I live on a bay, and was able to get nice shots of boats 1/4 -1/2 mile away without a problem. I also picked up the Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II lens for indoor photography. For the $125 price, it is a great deal and takes considerably better indoor shots with lower light.
0|201|5|For beginners this camera is a really good option.
I'm learning photography techniques with it and the results are great!
0|202|5|I made the switch to Canon after being disappointed by my Sony DSLR. Every photographer I know and respect has a Canon in their hand so I knew there had to be a reason.
Right out of the box, this takes amazing photos! It's done surprisingly well even in low lighting without a flash. I've had very few blurry shots and the few that I did have were when the subject moved abruptly.
So far I've just been using the auto settings, but this weekend I plan to read the booklet that came with it and really learn about the manual controls. With that said, if you're a beginner, I think you'll be impressed at how well the auto controls do for every day shooting.
The HD video exceeded my expectations. Just know in advance that this is not intended to be a full fledged camcorder. If your video becomes too long, the camera will overheat and it will stop recording. This is what I've read any way. I haven't shot any video longer than a few minutes, so I haven't been able to test this theory. But I do understand I can't expect a DSLR to do what a camcorder does because they don't have the same mechanics. Still this camera is more than sufficient for short video clips and the clarity is very nice. It's much better than carrying around a DSLR and a camcorder on vacation!
Just make sure your SDHC card has the number 6 or higher on it. The sales person didn't explain that to me and I got a card with a 4 on it. 4 is too slow for recording HD video. The camera will automatically stop recording after a few seconds.
I'm in love with this camera so far and look forward to learning more about its features! The swivel screen is worth the extra money too. It really makes a difference and the colors are very accurate. The screen has a non-glare and smudge resistant finish which helps a lot.
As far as construction, the location of the menu button is strange. It's on the left, and as a right handed person, it always feels out of reach. Everything else is being controlled with my right hand and it feels awkward when I have to control the menu with my left.
A few people have mentioned the grip of the camera body. I do understand that. When I'm holding it, I always feel like I'm about to drop it. Not sure what to say about that. Just be sure to wear the strap that comes with the camera! :)
UPDATE 6/19/12 - I've found the manual focus to be a bit of a pain for video. I am constantly refocusing my subjects and it makes a very loud sound on the video when I do it. This is my first HD camera, so I have no idea if this is common. I did read reviews for other cameras with auto-focus on video and customers often complained that the auto-focus did a poor job and they went back to manual. So I honestly have no idea if auto would be any better. Most people say manual is the way to go.
When the subject is in focus, the quality is breathtaking. It's just getting there that seems to be an uphill battle.
0|203|5|I bought this item through amazon used "like new" and everything was great BUT, yes BUT, the battery and battery charger were missing. So you wonder why i gave 5 stars? The customer service from amazon was great and they solved my problem in 20 min or less, so i know they can have mistakes but if you buy from amazon you can be sure it will be solved. The camera works awesome and i love everything about it! Enjoy you camera!
0|204|3|I bought the T3i with 18-135mm lens to replace a Rebel XT. I have 2 other Canon lenses and wanted something that would work with those. I also wanted a lens with enough range that I don't have to switch lenses as often.
The T3i is nice, a little more complicated than the XT. I would prefer that it does NOT take video but that isn't an option.
My only complaints about the T3i is that the power switch is in the same place as before, and so I still may accidentally move the mode dial when turning it on/off, which can result in improperly exposed pictures. Also, I still haven't figured out the best settings for the autofocus, it still seems sort of hit-or-miss.
The T3i body worked fine with my other Canon lenses.
However, this kit had an 18-135mm lens that seemed to work fine. But then when I looked at the images on my computer, the focus is soft. When I zoomed in to Actual Pixels view in Photoshop, the images are not crisp. They are not really "blurry", but not as sharp as images from my Canon older lenses.
I am returning this and getting just the T3i body.
0|206|5|I got this camera to do short films, and it's a HUGE step up from my previous cameras. My short films are already getting more recognition because of how much more professional they look now. Here's the first project I worked on with this great piece of technology: [...]
0|207|5|I have never owned a DSLR camera in my life. Never as much even touched one. By following directions from
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/032177664X
Canon EOS Rebel T3i / 600D: From Snapshots to Great Shots
, I was able to learn how to use this wonderful camera. I love it! I will never go back to a point and shoot camera. You will not be sorry when you buy this camera. I've received nothing but great reviews on the pictures I have taken with this camera. I have only owned this camera for 3 weeks. Take a look at my example picture of my daughter up above. Have fun with your Canon EOS Rebel T3i!!!
0|209|5|Not gonna write a huge, in-depth review, you can find millions of those. I just wanted to make sure this thing got my 5 Stars! Its truly AMAZING!!!!! I am so glad I spent the $.
0|210|5|This camera is amazing for skateboarding. The pictures and videos are amazing quality. If would want to see the quality go on my youtube channel and subscribe to heshcentral some videos are filmed with this camera
0|212|5|Camera was as described, packaged not to be damaged in shipping. This camera is all that I would ever need. My pictures are sharp and I can now take those little insects or whatever I so desire. Good camera at a good price. Thanks Amazon.
0|213|5|I have been determined to get this camera for about two years now and would look at it every time I went to Best Buy.  My dad told me it would be best to get it from Amazon and not Ebay even though I found it cheaper there, and not get it from Best Buy because of the no tax and free shipping with Amazon.  To my advantage, the extra penny's gave me piece of mind and worked in my favor.  It shipped to me quick and was nicely packaged.  Also, if anything went wrong I paid through pay pal and Amazon would refund me my money regardless.  I absolutely LOVE this camera, it not only takes AMAZING pictures but it is relatively easy to use.  I am an aspiring fashion designer and photographer and I believe for this being my first personal camera its a perfect start.
0|214|5|I bought this camera when there was a promotion. My husband and I love this camera at the first sight. The quality of the photos are great, especially the color. The convertible screen is very useful for saving the battery and avoiding dirty touch.
0|215|5|This is my first good digital camera. I grew tired of the point-and-shoots poor to mediocre image quality. This camera is absolutely amazing. I couldn't be more pleased. And as I learn more about it, i.e. reading the manual, the better the camera gets. While I don't aspire to become a professional photographer, this camera is going to turn me into a decent photographer. I really doubt that I needed a more expensive camera. At this price point this camera is going to keep me happy for a long time.
My only complaint is the user manual. It was translated into English...there are some curious and confusing sentences from time to time. The index is not complete. The overall layout of the manual could be better. But it's passable.
0|216|5|This camera has all the features for pro photography, plus it has really great video features And it is easy to use!
0|217|5|Definitely worth buying at the price of deal! The Screen of T3i is more considerate than T2i, easy to use and looks fantastic~
0|218|5|I love this camera.  Its light weight and allows me to take awesome pictures.  its easy to use and has loads of great features.
0|219|5|I got this camera for my birthday and it is amazing.  The picture quality is great and it is pretty easy to use.  There is an automatic setting incase you do not want to mess with the customized settings.  18mp images look great on the camera and blown up on a computer or poster.  Highly recommend. Battery life was surprisingly good.
0|220|5|This is an awesome camera for beginners. I have had some awesome shots from this camera and everything falls in right place.
The manual controls for the video just adds to the quality of camera and the flip screen is also great value add compared to T2i!!
Recommended!
0|221|5|This is my first DSLR camera and so far I am Loving it. The learning curve seems steep but I have tinkered with some point and shoot cameras and have watched tons of video on photography so alot of the features of my Canon T3i seems familiar. The image quality on this thing is just mind blowing, I feel as though I am able to reproduce those photos I see from professionals, remember I said 'I feel', not necessarily I can at this point (lol). This is going to be one wild ride for me over the next few months; stay tuned.
0|222|5|This camera performs absolutely amazingly! I've owned a few other cameras made by Canon, but this is by far my favorite camera I have ever owned. The quality and clarity of the pictures are amazing. On top of that, every video I have ever taken is very clear and picks up the sound wonderfully. I bought the camera right before my niece's wedding, hoping to take some quality shots for her. She was extremely happy with how they turned out. It is also very easy to use. If you are looking for a new camera I would strongly recommend the Canon Eos Rebel T3i.
0|223|5|I LOVE THIS CAMERA. BEING ABLE TO VISULIZE MY PICTURES WITH OUT USING THE VIEW FINDER IS GREAT I WEAR BIFOCAL GLASSES AND USING THE VIEWFINDER HAS ALWAYS BEEN A CHALLENGE. ALSO BEING ABLE TO USE IT AT ANGLES WHERE YOU CANT GET TO THE VIEWFINDER IS VERY HELPFUL
0|224|5|For the longest time I went back and forth between the t3i and nikon 5100. I chose canon because my friend has the t1i and I was already used to the menu setting and button layout.
I love the swivel screen! I own an etsy shop, so it's going to be easier from now on to take pictures of myself with my items!
Picture is soo clear! The only thing that I don't like is that when you enter the live mode, you can't see the focus points like how I'm used to with the T1i.
I bought this when they had the promotion of the all the rebates with the extra lens, filter and printer.
I got all that with taxes for under 900 bucks!
Can't beat a deal like that!
0|225|5|This DSLR excels in every way. Still pictures, videos, low light, special effects all superb. Make sure you have a Class 10 memory card for great video.
0|226|5|Overall, I'm really pleased with my new Canon T3i DSLR camera.  This is a replacement to my T2i.  Love the camera and the updated on-screen user interface.  No complaints about it.
0|227|5|I am a film student, and I love shooting with this camera. The true 1080p picture quality with full manual controls are exactly what I needed at exactly the right price. The kit lens works fine for most wide and mid range shots, but not so good for close ups, unless you want to be 6 inches away from your subject....
Overall, great camera. I would recommend this camera to anyone who asked me.
0|228|5|I got this with the bundled promo at Amazon which basically gives the 55-250mm lens and the Canon Pixma Pro for free (after you consider the rebates).  Debated between this and the Nikon D3100, but at this price it can't be beat.
Basically the same as the T2i so it is not worth it if you plan on upgrading from T2i. But for someone first buying a Canon DSLR, it is almost like buying the more expensive Canon 60D.
0|229|5|I bought this camera bundled with a 55-250mm IS lens as an upgrade to my rebel xti. I noticed that the ISO as a major enhancement when compared to my rebel xti. Overall a great camera.
0|230|5|I have been an Olympus shooter up until now. I'm starting photography school in just a few weeks and had to have a camera with video (oly e30 did not).After reading review after review, I decided to go with this wonderful camera. I'm so glad I did! I never thought I could get the colors out of another camera like I could my Olympus, but the image quality is excellent. I'm a female and the camera fits my hands perfectly. Another rave is that the controls are so easy to find and adjust, BIG plus for me. It was basically down to three cameras for me, the 7d, nikon 7000 , and the T3i. After taking many test shots in the store and getting a feel for the camera, this one won me over.
The only complaint I have is that I wish it had a faster burst rate. I know the 60d is faster but after reading all the issues with that camera, it was off my list. Other than that, I have no other complaints.
Buy it and enjoy it!
Happy Shooting!
0|231|5|Light camera, easy to use, excellent image and video. A perfect camera for beginners and for whom bought a first LSR camera.
0|232|5|This is my first DSLR Camera and I did a lot of researching before purchasing it. I wanted to camera mainly for filming purposes. The camera did not disappoint. Filming was easy to use and came out beautifully. Now what surprised me is how much I ended up using the photo side of the camera. The pictures are almost unreal. I would highly recommend this camera to those looking to both take pictures and film.
0|233|3|I chose this camera (after reading many reviews) based on it's low light capabilities. It does take very nice quality low light pictures as long as the subject is sitting still. The problem is I bought it to photograph my daughter's gymnastics meets. It is, in my opinion, one of the toughest things to shoot (and I've taken almost 30,000 pictures since I got my first digital camera in 2004)--low light, no ability to use flash, high speed, from a distance and people frequently walking in front of the subject. Unfortunately, this camera could not get the job done. The issue was the autofocus. I tested the sports setting, resetting aperature and shutter speed, and various focus settings. I just could not get a clear picture...and I shot almost 1400 before returning the camera. I opted for the Sony a55 and couldn't be happier! Crystal clear action shots with vivid color on the first try. I used a tamron 2.8, 70-200 lens & a tripod for both cameras so the only thing I can attribute the difference to is the camera itself. So, to sum it up...if you are only taking still pictures, the canon is fine BUT if you are shooting any movement at all, get the Sony.
0|234|4|After many months of going back and fourth between the
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004J3V90Y
Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens
and the
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004V4IWKG
Nikon D5100 16.2MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens
it really came down to price.  The Canon was over a $125 cheaper than the Nikon at the time of buying.  I like the fact that the Canon offered 1080p HD video.  Had great reviews from other sites and at least 3 of my friends recommended the Canon.
At this point I highly recommend the
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004J3V90Y
Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens
.
0|235|4|Fast shooting, quality images. Would be better if it could be a little cheaper if you consider prices of other competitors.
0|236|4|Got this with the lens rebate deal to replace my T2i:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0035FZJHQ
Canon EOS Rebel T2i 18 MP CMOS APS-C Digital SLR Camera with 3.0-Inch LCD and EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens
.  It has the same sensor as the T2i but with an lcd that's more useful for taking video.  Photos are about the same so if you already have the T2i it's not going to be an upgrade unless you use the video features (zoom) or need the articulating LCD.  I haven't used the wireless flash feature so I can't comment on that.  I received a MkII version of the kit lens which is almost identical to the MkI version (except for some cosmetic changes).
The price of this kit has fluctuated quite a bit in the last month (~$60 range) so keep an eye on it.
0|237|4|Just got the camera.  Started to explore all options and the 3" viewfinder that flips out is very cool.  For the price and long term investment, this is one of the cameras that should be in your top three.
0|238|5|Love the tilting screen. One of the problems with digital cameras is that you cannot see the picture in bright sun. Problem solved with tilt screen and with view finder. My lens from my Canon Rebel 35mm camera work well on this camera. Wish I had bought camera without lens because I never use the one that came with camera. It is good for taking pictures inside since it has image stabilization but you need longer lens for outdoor shots across the baseball field. It you do not already have lens you will enjoy having the one that comes with camera. Very, happy with camera. It has more features than I will ever learn to use.
0|239|5|La resolucion muy buena, lo mejor a diferencia de las otras rebel ( exluyendo la t4i) es la pantalla flexible a parte de todos los features que tiene
0|240|5|This DSLR Camera is the best to start with for photography starters. I you really want to dig into the photography world, I recommend you start with this type of DSLR.
0|242|4|It is a very easy to use camera and takes wonderful pictures.  However, the lens that came with it has a limited range, and to get something for longer distance, it is expensive!  also, I think it is too much dummy proof - great for novice to intermediate photographer.
0|244|4|The product is good but the promotional deal through Amazon's website doesn't work. Canon rebate center does not accept the invoice from the Amazon website and will not issue rebate. Amazon refuses to give an acceptable invoice. still not resolved months after puchase. What a hassel!
0|248|5|It takes good pictures. No prior experience needed to operate this
camera. I like all the features that this camera has. I wish they included better
lenses with this camera
0|249|5|5-star, diamond rating!  I am in love with my baby!  I LOVE it to death!  You must buy this camera!  LOL
0|252|4|Nice enough Rebel, but the lack of noise has not lived up to the hype... very disappointed... my 1Ds Mk III beats it hands down...
0|258|5|This is the best camera for the money.  Get the battery grip as an add on.  You will love it.
0|259|5|Great Camera.  I'm a complete amateur photographer, but this is very easy to use and takes great pictures.  Extremely happy.
0|260|5|I am new to dslr's but so far I am loving the camera. Works well and its good for beginners. Amazon shipped it fast too.
0|261|5|Great camera, takes very nice pictures and video.I still have a lot to learn because of all the features, but will have fun learning how to use it.
0|262|5|Wow...then stunned silence when i first saw the images from this Camera. I am a first time SLR user and this is a major upgrade from my point and shoot. Even as i learn about the more advance features of this camera, the basic options enable me capture the most precious moments without blotching them. 2nd day of usage and i would be sure to update this review once shortly. Amazon thanks for excellent packaging, Canon for a great product you have a buyer for life.
0|264|4|I bought this one instead of the cheaper T2i because of the flip-out screen.
I had not had a DSLR before, so I didn't realize that when you use the screen to focus, you lose all the fancy auto-focus stuff that is above on the viewfinder.
DSLRs are really designed to be used with the viewfinder. That's where all the good stuff is. When you switch to using the screen like you would with a point-and-shoot, the autofocus is much less sophisticated and slower. So, I do not use it much, and hence do not really make use of the fold-out screen.
Other than that it is a great camera as everyone else has mentioned.
You will want to get a better strap, as the one it comes with will make your neck sore pretty quickly.
0|266|5|I'm enamored with this little guy.  I picked one up after doing a volunteer PA gig on a film crew this summer.  For a student, or anyone on a budget, the quality on this thing is magnificent.  I've put mine through some pretty sketchy situations (like duck taping it to the foot rest of a motor scooter, driving at speed) and it's held up well.  The on-board microphone is garbage, though, you can line in external recorder through the 1/8'' input.  The interface is deep enough to gain an understanding of the camera while retaining beginner's level simplicity. I've heard a lot of people complain about the kit lens, but you can compensate for it with a little meticulosity and composition skill.  You don't need thousands of dollars in glass to take reasonably good shots.
0|268|5|Hi,
This would be a good camera for starters in photography. Easy to handle and it gives u a lot of options. The product was good and the packaging was excellent. Thanks to Amazon!!
0|269|5|Wow, what a difference just a few years make!  I am your typical mom that loves to keep a camera pointed in my kids direction at all times.  I owned a Canon PowerShot camera for years and was satisified with the pictures that I took, but knew that they could be better, sharper...Well several accidental drops of said camera later, and I am the proud new owner of my very first DSLR.  Let me just say, I am in LOVE with this camera.  I know that there are bigger, better (more expensive!) choices out there, but for me, the T2i was the perfect fit.  I researched cameras for well over a month, reading review after review, blog after blog, and ultimately they all pointed in the same direction.  Anything more powerful (or with more buttons to figure out) was going to be a waste of money on my part.  The T2i will do more than I probably will EVER need and the price point was just right.  When my p
camera first bit it, I had seen the all new Canon EOS 60D & immediatley decided that I HAD TO HAVE IT.  I am so glad that I fought off the urge to purchase it before doing some research.  The T2i is a great beginner-intermediate camera for someone who have never owned a DSLR.  I could'nt be more thrilled with my purchase...my kids however, they really enjoyed that month of research time when MOM was cameraless!
0|270|5|This is my first DSLR and just love this camera(still learning how to use it).
I ended chosing canon over nikon because I prefer canon on screen menu, it's quicker to acces all the parameters I want to change.
the feel is nice I like the grip texture, weight is about right.
I'm glad I got this model insted of the T2i because it's nice to have the swivel screen and even I don't have it yet I can allready see that I could benefit from a wireless flash.
Note: you must get a tripod(still don't have one but I desperatly need one) or at least a low light lense like the 50mm f1.8(have one) to be able to take pictures at night(or in dark places) wiouth using the flash and with a low ISO setting.
0|272|4|its is great quality. images look almost real. im still struggling taking pix with it at night, because its too smart to catch any pic but im working on it
0|273|5|This is a great "entry level" DSLR for those DSLR newbies or amateurs.
GOOD: high definition CMOS; high ISO (100-6400);good picture quality; crystal sharp lcd screen for picture review and the lcd screen also is turn-able for framing whenever you need it; support full HD video; very easy to operate.
Bad: no complain so far. Of course you shouldn't compare it with those higher level Canon's DSLR such as 60D, 7D, 5D Mark II...
Conclusion: Good value for its price.
0|274|4|I absolutely love my T3i, especially with the new swivel lcd.  I saved quite a bit of money buying it off Amazon.  Having it come with the kit lens is also very nice.  The lens itself is just a 18-55 mm and it's not the ideal lense to use in low-lighting, but it still takes great photos and the footage is still beautiful.
0|275|4|This Camera is amazing and takes wonderful pictures. The best that I have owned so far. Cannot see any drawbacks. Perfect for an Entry Level DSLR as well as one with intermediate level.
0|276|4|This camera fits the bill for a tweener photographer like myself...not a beginner but not an expert.  Very good functionality and ease of operation.  Great for kids sports shots, vacations and general pics.  Not heavy in weight so carrying this around is not a chore.
